,ID,Date,Company,Title,Experience,Location,Link,JD
0,1,2023-07-10,vSplash,Machine Learning Engineer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-vsplash-3659786311?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=pPgZwn2BPM7r%2BA0yMq0N6w%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"ML Engineer  Job Description  vSplash Techlabs is seeking an experienced ML Engineer to join our dynamic team. As an ML Engineer, you will design, develop, and implement artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions to address complex business problems. You will collaborate with software developers, and other stakeholders to build robust, scalable, and efficient AI-ML models that can be integrated into business processes and products.  The ideal candidate will have a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related field, and at least 2 years of experience in developing and implementing machine learning models.  Responsibilities:  Design, develop, and implement AI-ML models to address complex business problems Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and solve complex business problems using machine learning techniques. Conduct data exploration, data pre-processing, and feature engineering to prepare data for model training Select and apply appropriate machine learning algorithms and techniques to build predictive models Collect, pre-process, and analyse large and complex data sets to identify patterns and trends. Build and deploy models using cloud-based platforms such as AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud Platform. Optimize models for accuracy, performance, and scalability Deploy models in production environments and integrate them into business processes and products Monitor and evaluate model performance and make improvements as necessary Research, evaluate, and implement the latest AI-ML technologies, frameworks, and algorithms Stay up-to-date with the latest developments in AI-ML and contribute to the company's knowledge base and thought leadership  Requirements:  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related field 2+ years of experience in developing and implementing machine learning models. Proven experience in developing and deploying AI-ML solutions in production environments Strong knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques Hands-on experience with programming languages such as Python, Java, or C++ Proficiency in AI-ML libraries such as Tensor Flow, Keras, or PyTorch Experience with data pre-processing, feature engineering, and data visualization Familiarity with cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work independently and collaboratively Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  If you are a highly skilled and motivated AI-ML Engineer with a passion for solving complex business problems, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. You will have the chance to work with a talented team and contribute to the success of our organization.  Contact email address:  ta@vsplash.net  Powered by JazzHR  n0keASJy9e"
1,2,2023-05-05,vSplash,Machine Learning Engineer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-vsplash-3598568989?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=xLQgfvuDxH0lhd%2B%2BGQgvmQ%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"ML Engineer  Job Description  vSplash Techlabs is seeking an experienced ML Engineer to join our dynamic team. As an ML Engineer, you will design, develop, and implement artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions to address complex business problems. You will collaborate with software developers, and other stakeholders to build robust, scalable, and efficient AI-ML models that can be integrated into business processes and products.  The ideal candidate will have a Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related field, and at least 2 years of experience in developing and implementing machine learning models.  Responsibilities:  Design, develop, and implement AI-ML models to address complex business problems Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify and solve complex business problems using machine learning techniques. Conduct data exploration, data pre-processing, and feature engineering to prepare data for model training Select and apply appropriate machine learning algorithms and techniques to build predictive models Collect, pre-process, and analyse large and complex data sets to identify patterns and trends. Build and deploy models using cloud-based platforms such as AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud Platform. Optimize models for accuracy, performance, and scalability Deploy models in production environments and integrate them into business processes and products Monitor and evaluate model performance and make improvements as necessary Research, evaluate, and implement the latest AI-ML technologies, frameworks, and algorithms Stay up-to-date with the latest developments in AI-ML and contribute to the company's knowledge base and thought leadership  Requirements:  Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, or related field 2+ years of experience in developing and implementing machine learning models. Proven experience in developing and deploying AI-ML solutions in production environments Strong knowledge of machine learning algorithms and techniques Hands-on experience with programming languages such as Python, Java, or C++ Proficiency in AI-ML libraries such as Tensor Flow, Keras, or PyTorch Experience with data pre-processing, feature engineering, and data visualization Familiarity with cloud platforms such as AWS, Azure, or Google Cloud Platform Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work independently and collaboratively Excellent communication and interpersonal skills  If you are a highly skilled and motivated AI-ML Engineer with a passion for solving complex business problems, we encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity. You will have the chance to work with a talented team and contribute to the success of our organization.  Contact email address:  ta@vsplash.net  Powered by JazzHR  n0keASJy9e"
2,3,2023-06-23,Axiado Corporation,Machine Learning Engineer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-axiado-corporation-3643169686?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=1M%2BQjFIkoczfOApI%2BxCcoQ%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Company Description  Axiado is an AI-enhanced security processor company redefining the control and management of every digital system. The company was founded in 2017, and currently has 60 employees. At Axiado, developing great technology takes more than talent: it takes amazing people who understand collaboration, respect each other, and go the extra mile to achieve exceptional results. It takes people who have the passion and desire to disrupt the status quo, deliver innovation, and change the world. If you have this type of passion, we invite you to apply for this job.  Job Description  As an ML Engineer at Axiado India, you will have the opportunity to work on groundbreaking projects and leverage your expertise to contribute to the advancement of cybersecurity. You will be part of a dynamic team of experts, collaborating on cutting-edge research and developing innovative solutions to address the challenges of the digital world. You will be working on the world's first purpose-built, fully integrated AI-driven hardware security platform.  What you will be doing:-  Responsibilities: Developing machine learning models for Axiado security products. Create new data sets for the applications which don't have existing datasets. Build Deep Neural Network models related to multiple cybersecurity use cases. Work with the Embedded SW team in integrating the HW acceleration device drivers. Some familiarity with embedded systems is desired Qualifications  Requirements:  Minimum of 5 years of professional experience as an ML Engineer. Strong proficiency in Machine Learning techniques and tools, with a focus on Tensorflow. Proficiency in C and C++ for at least 5 years. Knowledge of statistical analysis, data modeling, and algorithm development. Experience with large-scale data processing and distributed computing frameworks. Strong programming skills in relevant languages (Python, C, C++, etc. ). Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to work in a collaborative team environment.  Additional Information  Axiado is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining the highest caliber talent in a diverse and multifaceted environment. We are headquartered in the heart of Silicon Valley, with access to the world's leading research, technology and talent.  We are building an exceptional team to secure every node on the internet. For us, solving real-world problems takes precedence over purely theoretical problems. As a result, we prefer individuals with persistence, intelligence and high curiosity over pedigree alone. Working hard and smart, continuous learning and mutual support are all part of who we are.  Axiado is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Axiado does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need."
3,4,2023-02-16,NuStar Technologies,Data Scientist Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-developer-at-nustar-technologies-3483283106?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=A17D44n8w2Ce7fehe644pA%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Desired Competencies (Technical/Behavioral Competency)  Must-Have Knowledge of validated approaches for scale-ability, productionalizing models and implementing machine learning applied to expansive and diverse datasets Experience in applying deep learning frameworks such as CoreML, TensorFlow, PyTorch and Keras to real world performancecritical applications that solve problems. Experienced user of machine learning and statistical-analysis libraries, such as OpenCV, scikit-learn, Pandas, SciPy, NumPy, Matplotlib, etc. Familiarity with state of the art cloud technologies such as AWS, GCP, Kubernetes, container is a plus. Area of expertise in forecasting and basics of data engineering. An inquisitive mindset and strong analytical skills for complex problem solving, and an aptitude for learning systems quickly. Excellent interpersonal, organizational, written & oral communication and listening skills Good-to-Have Ability to explain and present analysis on machine learning concepts to a broad technical audience Should come up with the work estimation and should provide inputs to managers on resource and risk planning. Ability to coordinate with SMEs , stakeholders, manage timelines, escalation & provide on time status Deep knowledge of math, probability, statistics and algorithms SN  Responsibility of / Expectations from the Role  1  Strong Knowledge of Deep learning concepts  2  Python Experience Is Required  3  Should be proficient working in writing ML/DL models  4  Design machine learning systems"
4,5,2023-07-12,Avantari Technologies,Machine Learning Engineer,Full-time,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-avantari-technologies-3656398519?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=2cYMLWZvI2FE5FqhIg05tQ%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Avantari’s newly formed Artificial Intelligence team is loaded with some of the brightest minds. Our core focus is to use AI to create a means of communication between people. To that end, we are pursuing the creation of a first-of-its-kind product which is made for businesses to be able to effectively and engagingly communicate with the masses. We are on the hunt for bright, young and talented developers with a burning desire to achieve greater things in the field of AI. The core skills expected in a developer are Logical Reasoning, Code debugging skills, Problem-solving skills, Excellent organizational and time management skills, Accuracy and attention to detail, An understanding of the latest trends and their role in a commercial environment, Teamwork skills, Self-development skills to keep up to date with fast-changing trends. We are looking for an experienced candidate who can work towards making Research into Product(s), will be able to handle Production, Deployment and CI/CD, and practices ML-Ops development life cycle. Decs.ai is something that we've been working on for the past few years, researching and building from ground up and continuously working on the derivative works of it into Hologram AI and Conversational AI as the next phase. If you want to work on one of the most exciting products of our generation, and want to push the boundaries of Artificial Intelligence, you should apply! The job will be in Hyderabad. Shortlisted candidates will be invited to a video interview via Google Meet, possibly followed up by an in-person interview if necessary. Salary will be in the range between 5 to 8 LPA. The role demands all the below mentioned requirements to fulfill the duties and responsibilities as a Machine Learning Engineer.  Requirements A 2-5 years of work experience in relevant field Strong programming experience in Python and C++ Familiar with NumPy, SciPy, OpenCV, PIL and Dlib libraries Experience with TensorFlow, PyTorch and/or any other popular frameworks Strong Understanding of CNN, LSTM, GAN and Attention mechanisms Strong Visualization skill Experience with Computer Vision, Image Processing concepts and techniques Experience with NLP. NLU and NLG Up-to-date with latest ML/DL models, publications and trends in the industry. Experience with DNN models professionally (Tutorials and GitHub Forks not accepted, whereas personal projects from scratch maybe considered) Experience with Docker, Flask or FASTAPI in terms of model deployment and MLOps Understanding of Core Mathematical Principles Excellent analytical and debugging skills Knowledge of Git and/or any version control software Knowledge of AWS (Preferred) and/or any other Cloud Computing Platform Bachelor/Master's degree in Computer Science or any relevant field."
5,6,2023-05-17,Covalense Global,Data Scientists,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientists-at-covalense-global-3631945299?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=LcIW0h7bHAt3yyynNlH4ug%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Exp: 7-10 years; Job Type Full Time Years of Experience 7 years Job Description Experience in AI & ML Advanced degree in an analytical field (e.g., Data Science, Computer Science, Engineering, Applied Mathematics, Statistics, Data Analysis, Operations Research). Strong understanding of advanced data mining techniques, curating, processing and transforming data to produce sound datasets. Strong understanding of the Machine Learning lifecycle feature engineering, training, validation, scaling, deployment, scoring, monitoring, and feedback loop. Experience in analyzing complex problems and translating it into an analytical approach. Experience in Supervised and Unsupervised Machine Learning including Classification, Forecasting, Anomaly Detection, Pattern Detection, Text Mining, using variety of techniques such as Decision trees, Time Series Analysis, Bagging and Boosting algorithms, Neural Networks, Deep Learning. Experience with analytical programming languages, tools and libraries (Python ecosystem preferred, but R will be considered). Experience in SQL and relational databases, Big Data technologies e.g. Python or Python R / Spark Good understanding of programming best practices and building for re-use. Strong communication, partnership and teamwork skills. Ability to work in an extremely fast paced environment, meet deadlines, and perform at high standards with limited supervision."
6,7,2023-04-11,IT Minds LLC,AI Engineer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ai-engineer-at-it-minds-llc-3561258819?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=AOQhyeF5SmJm%2Fx3UEbF1xw%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description  Position - AI Engineer: Creative problem solver who's passionate about building scalable solutions within our SaaS platform Should be a fit in an agile innovative team Developing video workflows specifically around Video on Demand(VOD) and implementing feedback loops to improve the models Develop and Train AI models using latest frameworks to solve business problems Consistently review and Improve model accuracy and performance Experience in a technical leadership role is an advantage Software engineering background with a degree in computer science Skill Sets Required Must be a fit within an innovative team structure Advanced knowledge of statistical and algorithmic models as well as of fundamental mathematical concepts and probability Must have experience in building machine learning (ML) solutions Experience coding in one or more high-level languages (Python, R, Go etc.) Experience with deep learning frameworks (PyTorch, TensorFlow, Caffe etc.) Experience working with recommendation engines, data pipelines and distributed machine learning Experience with processing videos using AI pipelines Please share resumes at tarun@itminds.net/+91 9676758225"
7,8,2023-06-28,Nubes Opus,Python Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-nubes-opus-3646356961?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=8BiGHHGIDdv%2BLPEce9yROQ%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,Experience: Python coding/tool development experience mandatory (Desirable: Capital Market regulations know-how & prior financial markets experience)  Technical Skillsets: Python Coding (Advanced/Expert)  Locations: Primary (Mumbai & Bangalore) also open for USI locations/ WFH
8,9,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Machine Learning,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622578440?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=BH20xIJz3qgdfFmwBjFDeg%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"3+ years of experience in building machine learning models and building Client based applications Python, Django, Flask, SQL, Tensorflow / Keras, Scikit-learn, Deep Learning, Named Entity Recognition, Image Processing - Must MLOps, Kubernetes, Docker - Good to have Git, Linux - Must Good communication skills"
9,10,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Machine Learning,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622577472?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=UxgpDh41YYj8OyiNfkFWUw%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Client Engineer  3+ years of experience in building machine learning models and building Client based applications Python, Django, Flask, SQL, Tensorflow / Keras, Scikit-learn, Deep Learning, Named Entity Recognition, Image Processing - Must MLOps, Kubernetes, Docker - Good to have Git, Linux - Must Good communication skills"
10,11,2023-06-10,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,ML/AI Engineer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ml-ai-engineer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3649698463?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=k1oqwPu2KnDPwU1mgw3Jkg%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Role: Client/AI Engineer  Experience: 3to 6years  Max CTC: 18LPA  Mandatory skills: Experience in Java or JavaScript with Client & NLP.  Location: Bangalore (work from office)  Detailed JD: 1. 3+ years of SW development experience.  Excellent programming skills least one of the following programming languages: C++, Java, Java script. [Python knowledge is advantage] A solid understanding of how web applications work including security, session management, and best development practices. Basic knowledge of Machine Learning & NLP process with standard Client algorithms and toolkits. Good software design, problem solving and debugging skills. Ability to work and thrive in a fast-paced environment, learn rapidly and master diverse Natural Language Understanding techniques. Gather and refine specifications and requirements based on technical needs Good communication and interpretation skill"
11,12,2023-03-27,IDESLABS PRIVATE LIMITED,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-ideslabs-private-limited-3541732946?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=KLAslrjnWO56a%2BSCSZ3t7A%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Greetings from IDESLABS PVT LTD  Immediate Openings on Data scientist  Experience : 5+  Skill:- Data scientist  Location :- PAN INDIA  Notice Period :- Immediate.  Job Description  Data scientist  Software for linear programming: Gurobi, FICO Xpress Mosel, CPLEX, GAMS, Lingo  Models And Techniques  other important skills for this position are  operations research  Linear Programming  Quadratic Programming,  Mixed Integer Programming  Transportation Models/ programming  Inventory Models  Inventory optimization  Mathematical programming  Please Share Below Details And Updated Resume  Job Description Matched: Yes/No:  Dob  Full Name with Surname:  Pancard(Mandatory)  Alternate Contact Number:  Total Experience  Relevant Experience:  Current Location:  Preferred Location:  Current CTC  Expected CTC :  Current Organization  Permanent / Contract with Current Org :  Payroll Company  Notice period :  Passport/ Expiry Date  Holding any offer: YES/NO:  Interested Candidates Can Share Details Below  Gmail: nagarani.b@ideslabs.com  Contact No: 9154361804  About IDESLABS, Summarized our services for quick understanding of IDESLABS’s offeringS  Training Services We have 9000 + trainer ecosystem 700 Plus courses across technologies, Delivered 45000 Plus of training across Geographies. Virtual Training to 150 + Professionals on monthly basis across technologies Training Partner for large corporations such as Wipro, Tech M, Infosys, Mylan etc Delivered training across the globe, Americas, Europe, South Africa, and Pan Asia Consulting Services Resourcing for both contract and Permanent positions 150000 + inhouse database 30 plus strong recruiter base based out of India. 75 + resources working at multiple customer locations. Partners for large IT houses such as WIPRO, NTTDATA, DXC, HCL &Tech M Catering to customers in US, Europe, UK, Middle East, and APAC (India & Singapore) Looking forward to work with you."
12,13,2023-03-24,IDESLABS PRIVATE LIMITED,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-ideslabs-private-limited-3537445341?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=8Yt8cTXV3tAa4MbJ56fVWw%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Greetings from IDESLABS PVT LTD  Immediate Openings on Data Scientist  Experience : 7+  Skill:- Data Scientist  Location :- PAN INDIA  Notice Period :- Immediate.  Job Description  Data Scientist  A Natural Language Understanding Specialist /NLP Engineer / AI trainer to help us improve our NLU solutions and create new NLP applications and chatbots.  NLU Engineer responsibilities include transforming natural language data into useful features using NLP techniques to feed downstream algorithms. To succeed in this role, you should possess outstanding skills in statistical analysis, machine learning methods and text representation techniques.  Objective or goal is to develop efficient Natural Language Understanding models in the chatbot context.  Please Share Below Details And Updated Resume  Job Description Matched: Yes/No:  Dob  Full Name with Surname:  Pancard(Mandatory)  Alternate Contact Number:  Total Experience  Relevant Experience:  Current Location:  Preferred Location:  Current CTC  Expected CTC :  Current Organization  Permanent / Contract with Current Org :  Payroll Company  Notice period :  Passport/ Expiry Date  Holding any offer: YES/NO:  Interested Candidates Can Share Details Below  Gmail: nagarani.b@ideslabs.com  Contact No: 9154361804  About IDESLABS, Summarized our services for quick understanding of IDESLABS’s offeringS  Training Services We have 9000 + trainer ecosystem 700 Plus courses across technologies, Delivered 45000 Plus of training across Geographies. Virtual Training to 150 + Professionals on monthly basis across technologies Training Partner for large corporations such as Wipro, Tech M, Infosys, Mylan etc Delivered training across the globe, Americas, Europe, South Africa, and Pan Asia Consulting Services Resourcing for both contract and Permanent positions 150000 + inhouse database 30 plus strong recruiter base based out of India. 75 + resources working at multiple customer locations. Partners for large IT houses such as WIPRO, NTTDATA, DXC, HCL &Tech M Catering to customers in US, Europe, UK, Middle East, and APAC (India & Singapore) Looking forward to work with you."
13,14,2023-07-06,Experian,Senior Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-data-scientist-at-experian-3654848685?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=6buEcay2iIvhpdy%2FKjKqEQ%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Company Description  Experian is the world’s leading global information services company. During life’s big moments — from buying a home or a car to sending a child to college to growing a business by connecting with new customers — we empower consumers and our clients to manage their data with confidence. We help individuals to take financial control and access financial services, businesses to make smarter decisions and thrive, lenders to lend more responsibly, and organizations to prevent identity fraud and crime.  We have 17,800 people operating across 44 countries, and every day we’re investing in new technologies, talented people and innovation to help all our clients maximize every opportunity. We are listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) and are a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.  Learn more at www.experianplc.com or visit our global content hub at our global news blog for the latest news and insights from the Group  Experian is the world’s leading global information services company. During life’s big moments — from buying a home or a car to sending a child to college to growing a business by connecting with new customers — we empower consumers and our clients to manage their data with confidence. We help individuals to take financial control and access financial services, businesses to make smarter decisions and thrive, lenders to lend more responsibly, and organizations to prevent identity fraud and crime.  We have 17,800 people operating across 44 countries, and every day we’re investing in new technologies, talented people and innovation to help all our clients maximize every opportunity. We are listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) and are a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.  Learn more at www.experianplc.com or visit our global content hub at our global news blog for the latest news and insights from the Group  Job Description  ServiceNow Data Scientist  Overview  Provides advanced data analysis to drive actionable insights from operational data created and maintained throughout the ServiceNow Platform. Focus areas will include data modeling of the IT Asset and CMDB data to best support data sharing across the platform, data driven migration and implementation strategies for accelerating the migration to common service data model, and analysis to support business processes that depend on platform data such as service costing, IT Operations analysis, and risk calculations. Additionally, the role will manage the implementation and ongoing run of the TLS Certificate management sub process as part of the overall Global Service Asset And Configuration Management Program.  Essential Duties And Responsibilities  Provide advanced data analysis of ServiceNow Platform to drive actionable insights Analyze existing and emerging data integrations to ensure alignment common service data model Fulfill advance request for information as needed to support business processes such as Service Costing, IT Operations analysis, and risk calculations Analyze foundational data in platform for areas of improvement and optimization Implement and manage ServiceNow TLS Certificate Management process Works with Service Owners and SMEs to ensure that TLS Certificates are accurate and lifecycle managed. Participates in platform upgrade planning, testing, and validation. May participate in projects including preparing project plans, assigning tasks, monitoring statuses, coordinating efforts, validating team recommendations, integrating efforts into a comprehensive strategy and delivering results on time. Writes and/or reviews system specifications, including output requirements, flow charts and technical diagrams.  Qualifications  Experience and Skills:  Minimum of a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, MIS or related degree and ten (10) years of relevant experience or combination or education, experience and training. Knowledge of ServiceNow platform CMDB, Common Service Data Model, and related APIs Must be willing to undertake additional ServiceNow Specific Trainings Knowledge of TLS Certificate Management and related data structures Knowledge of Firewall configurations and re Must have experience with big data analysis methodologies and techniques Blend of knowledge and technical expertise in: Scripting using Python, JavaScript, Groovy, PowerShell, Bash, RegEx, SQL, etc. Data Modeling and Design Network concepts such as routing, switching, firewalls, NAT, load balancing. IT Operations and/or IT Service Management concepts based on best practices such as ITIL Protocols such as HTTP, TCP, SNMP, SOAP, and REST. Web and Application servers such as WebSphere, JBoss, MQ, IIS, Apache. Markup languages such as XML and JSON. TLS Certificate management concepts specifically around lifecycle management Ability to adapt to a continually changing environment while managing multiple priorities. In-depth knowledge of Configuration Management Database (CMDB) processes and practices.  Additional Information  Additional Information  Why choose us?  Our colleagues’ health and wellbeing are a top priority for us, that’s why our reward, benefits and wellbeing programmes are designed so you can come to work feeling your very best self. Our benefits focus on health, money, and lifestyle so you can tailor your benefits to your own personal needs. Whether it’s your physical and mental wellness, getting to work or preparing for the next big milestone in your life, we have a range of flexible options to have you covered!  To learn more about our culture and what it’s really like to work here, check out our interactive guide here: https://view.pagetiger.com/experianguideforcandidates/1  Could this be the role for you? Apply now to start your journey with Experian.  Experian Careers - Creating a better tomorrow together  Find out what its like to work for Experian by clicking here"
14,15,2023-07-11,Quantium,IND (New) Analyst / Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ind-new-analyst-data-scientist-at-quantium-3154054185?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=AvC83VmAUTcJjLNtM74%2Fvw%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Founded in 2002, Quantium combines the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Role Summary  The Analyst is a technical role that delivers high quality end-to-end analytical support across multiple projects and industry practices within Global Markets from India. The role of the Analyst is to work with internal stakeholders and the wider team to transform client questions and issues into analytical solutions.  Key Responsibilities Deliver high quality analytics, from data quality assessment, data manipulation, method selection, design & application, insights generation and visualisation Intensive learning and acquisition of key analytical, technical and commercial skills and Quantium business knowledge to become a proficient Analyst working under minimal supervision KPIs: Timeliness, accuracy, manager and client feedback Often in collaboration with your internal stakeholders, you will transform client questions and problems into analytical solutions Help clients understand and optimise use of Quantium products and / or solutions Nurture and manage your career progression and industry knowledge  Key activities Working in a team to support end-to-end analytical projects Liaising with internal and external stakeholders to determine objectives / scope of upcoming projects Data exploration, cleansing and manipulation Determining appropriate type of analysis and undertaking analysis Extracting insights Clear presentation of insights via spreadsheets, PowerPoint presentations, self-service analytical visualisation tools and face-to-face client meetings Ongoing stakeholder interaction on project progress Feedback process to ensure continuous improvement with team Proactively participate in learning forums and sharing knowledge with wider team Attend client meetings alongside the Client Lead to understand needs and help translate them into actionable insights  Experience And Education Required  2+ years’ experience in a highly technical analytics environment, carrying out data analytics Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a related discipline Knowledge of technical analytics discipline, including data preparation and foundational analytics concepts Experience with successfully managing both internal and external stakeholders, delivering against projects, tasks and activities in a dynamic deadline driven environment Commercial acumen to understand business needs and be able to suggest the commercial impacts of different analytics solutions or approaches Coding and modelling experience in SQL / R / Python and / or big data platforms Experience working with large, complex datasets High attention to detail Drive for continuous improvement  More About Quantium  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential. We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Quantium are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We are a multicultural team of various beliefs, sexual orientations and gender identities. We celebrate our diversity of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status and disability status.  Please note, this role is not suitable for Graduates. If you are a graduate and you’d like information about our Graduate Academy please visit https://au.gradconnection.com/employers/quantium/about-us/  If you submit an application or expression of interest to The Quantium Group Pty Ltd, we may disclose your application or expression of interest on a confidential basis to our related companies, and joint venture companies, including our Parent Group - Woolworths Group Limited. We will only make such disclosures for the purpose of considering your application or expression of interest and opportunities in those organisations.  Click on the links to find out more about how Woolworths Group , and Quantium manage your personal information including how you can access your personal information, make a correction or make a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles."
15,16,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657432289?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=A0PntISXwz589YwXNOfKyg%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Data Scientist / Python Developer With Good AWS Experience  Experience : 3-5 years  Location: Pune  Must Have Skills  Python (Pandas), Good exposure to AWS hands-on Algorithms. Agile Ways of Working Testing (Unit Testcases ) SQL understanding  For AWS we are looking at experience at least for the following AWS services :  Basics and user level experience of IAM(attach, un-attach, identify and modify security policies and Network settings (Route 53,gateway, VPC, LZ etc) S3 (object management, understand object life cycles, upload & download files) Sagemaker Athena Glue Cloudwatch (create logs, alerts) Lambda (Able to deploy functions using python) AWS kafka or MSK filter service Cloudformation or CDK (deploying infra as code) Data pipeline and spark"
16,17,2023-07-10,Quantium,IND (New) Data Scientist - wiq,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ind-new-data-scientist-wiq-at-quantium-3143303022?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=0kwcp4lBXaBBnurtIl%2F0IA%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Founded in 2002, Quantium combines the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Role Summary  The Data Scientist is a technical role that delivers high quality end-to-end analytical support across multiple projects and industry practices from India. The role of the Data Scientist is to work with internal stakeholders and the wider team to transform client questions and issues into analytical solutions.  Key Responsibilities  Deliver high quality analytics, from data quality assessment, data manipulation, method selection, design & application, insights generation and visualisation Strong ability to perform data exploration / investigation and write / test efficient code for data transformations Make complex changes to production pipeline with direction Communicate and translate business needs against analytics solutions or outcomes, in collaboration with internal stakeholders Identify instances where analytical outputs are incorrect and frame this in way that is linked to commercial outcomes Intensive learning and acquisition of key analytical, technical and commercial skills and Quantium business knowledge to become a proficient Data Scientist working under minimal supervision KPIs: Timeliness, accuracy, manager and client feedback Help clients understand and optimise use of Quantium products and / or solutions Nurture and manage your career progression and industry knowledge  Key Activities  Working in a team to support end-to-end analytical projects Liaising with internal and external stakeholders to determine objectives / scope of upcoming projects Data exploration, cleansing, manipulation Determining appropriate type of analysis and undertaking analysis Extracting insights Clear presentation of insights via spreadsheets, PowerPoint presentations, self-service analytical visualisation tools and face-to-face client meetings Ongoing stakeholder interaction on project progress Feedback process to ensure continuous improvement with team Proactively participate in learning forums and sharing knowledge with wider team Attend client meetings alongside the Client Lead to understand needs and help translate them into actionable insights  Skills And Knowledge Required  Coding proficiency in either Python or R (required) Experience coding in SQL advantageous Experience using source code control / versioning tools like Git advantageous Experience using cloud storage and analytics platforms such as GCP, AWS, Azure advantageous Forecasting experience preferred but not required Experience working in Agile framework advantageous Experience using team collaboration tools like Jira and Confluence advantageous Retail experience preferred but not required  Experience And Education Required  2+ years’ experience in a highly technical analytics environment, carrying out data analytics Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a related discipline Knowledge of technical analytics discipline, including data preparation and foundational analytics concepts Experience with successfully managing both internal and external stakeholders, delivering against projects, tasks and activities in a dynamic deadline driven environment Commercial acumen to understand business needs and be able to suggest the commercial impacts of different analytics solutions or approaches Experience working with large, complex datasets High attention to detail Drive for continuous improvement  More About Quantium  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential. We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Quantium are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We are a multicultural team of various beliefs, sexual orientations and gender identities. We celebrate our diversity of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status and disability status.  Please note, this role is not suitable for Graduates. If you are a graduate and you’d like information about our Graduate Academy please visit https://au.gradconnection.com/employers/quantium/about-us/  If you submit an application or expression of interest to The Quantium Group Pty Ltd, we may disclose your application or expression of interest on a confidential basis to our related companies, and joint venture companies, including our Parent Group - Woolworths Group Limited. We will only make such disclosures for the purpose of considering your application or expression of interest and opportunities in those organisations.  Click on the links to find out more about how Woolworths Group , and Quantium manage your personal information including how you can access your personal information, make a correction or make a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles."
17,18,2023-05-24,NuStar Technologies,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-nustar-technologies-3613955945?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=Ybi6vVt3Tl5L0%2FG6oYxxVg%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Technical/Functional Skills Work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework, preferably Kedro Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM) Experience with databases such as PostgreSQL Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5) Experiences in AWS lambda, CloudFront, S3 & EKS Good knowledge of ITIL, ServiceNow and monitoring tools s Experience in supporting enterprise production software systems with goals of maintaining uptime, performance, and customer satisfaction. Experience in interacting with infrastructure, change / release management, QA, and application teams. Experience in collaborating across teams and management levels to coordinate escalation and resolution of major service issues"
18,19,2023-07-12,Sanofi,Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-sanofi-3652120974?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=JI994msA3YNEbaHSb725PA%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About The Digital GBUs  We are an innovative global healthcare company, driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team, across some 100 countries, is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally, while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.  Sanofi’s Digital organization’s mission is to transform Sanofi into a data-first and AI-first organization by empowering everyone with good data. Through custom-developed AI products built on world-class data foundations and platforms, the team builds value and unique competitive advantage that scales across our markets, R&D, and manufacturing sites. The team is located in major hubs in Paris, Lyon, Barcelona, Cambridge, Bridgewater, and most recently, Toronto, with the aim of opening a new office in Hyderabad. Join a dynamic, fast-paced, and talented team, with world-class mentorship, using AI to chase the miracle of science.  Roles & Responsibilities  In this role, you will develop globally scalable AI solutions that are strategically prioritized by the Sanofi commercial area across Global Business Units (General Medicine, Vaccines, and Specialty Care) for the betterment of our global patients and customers. Examples of AI projects include but are not limited to, Omnichannel Engagement, Predicting the Next Best Action, Marketing Mix Model, and Smart AI Alerts. You will specifically,  Apply data science expertise in machine learning, deep learning, statistics, text-mining/NLP, forecasting, and optimization to multiple analytics projects Build models, algorithms, simulations, and experiments by writing highly optimized code and using state-of-the-art machine learning technologies Work on a full spectrum of activities, from conducting ML experiments to deliver production-ready models Use data analysis, visualization, storytelling, and data technologies to scope, define and deliver AI-based data products Work closely with product owners, developers, engineers, and MLOps to deliver AI/ML solutions Adhere to and promote best practices and standards for data science process (including documentation) and code developments Remains up to date with industry practices and emerging technologies such as generative AI and tests creative ways of offering AI solutions to enhance existing solutions  About You  Key Functional Requirements and Qualifications:  Hands-on AI/ML modeling experience of complex datasets combined with a strong understanding of the theoretical foundations of AI/ML. Expertise within most of the following areas: supervised learning, unsupervised learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, federated learning, time series forecasting, Bayesian statistics, optimization Experience creating and deploying code libraries using functions, and classes in Python in AI product-focused development in an agile environment Comfortable working in the cloud and high-performance computing environments (e.g. AWS, GCP, Databricks, Apache Spark) Experience in production-ready software development Experience in communicating with businesses, expressing important DS concepts in a non-technical way, interpreting feedback from business Excellent written and verbal communication, business analysis, data visualization, and data storytelling skills Nice to have experience in life sciences and healthcare and experience in a complex global organization A demonstrated ability to work and collaborate in a team environment Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment and to manage multiple priorities  Key Technical Requirements and Qualifications:  Ph.D. in computer science, mathematics, physics, statistics, or a related quantitative discipline with strong coding skills with 2+ years of analytical experience, OR Master’s Degree in a relevant domain with 4+ years of analytical experience Expertise with core data science languages (predominantly with Python, and nice to have R & Scala), experience working with Snowflake and other different database systems (such as SQL, NoSQL) Should have experience of AI/ML development (CI/CD, Orchestration) Experience working in a cloud-based environment such as AWS or GCP or Azure and using cloud technologies for building AI-solutions Knowledge of Tableau, Power BI, Plotly, git/version control systems, or similar Experience with various enterprise-level Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) Nice to have experience in using some data science tools such as Datarobot, Dataiku, Alteryx  When joining our team, you will experience:  An international work environment, in which you can develop your talent and realize ideas and innovations within a competent team Exposure to training and certification pathways for technical and functional skills from AWS, SnowFlake, Informatica, and others Your own career path within Sanofi. Your professional and personal development will be supported purposefully  Pursue progress, discover extraordinary  Better is out there. Better medications, better outcomes, better science. But progress doesn’t happen without people – people from different backgrounds, in different locations, doing different roles, all united by one thing: a desire to make miracles happen. So, let’s be those people.  At Sanofi, we provide equal opportunities to all regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.  Watch our ALL IN video and check out our Diversity Equity and Inclusion actions at sanofi.com!  At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all."
19,20,2023-07-10,Tide,Senior Lead Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-lead-data-scientist-at-tide-3655655660?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=CUQzP5LWjJ0Icdpkodg8Hw%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Department: Data Science  Who Are Tide  At Tide, we’re on a mission to save businesses time and money. We’re the leading provider of UK SME business accounts and one of the fastest-growing FinTechs in the UK. Using the latest tech, we design solutions with SMEs in mind and our member-driven financial platform is transforming the business banking market. Not only do we offer our members business accounts and related banking services, but also a comprehensive set of highly connected admin tools for businesses.  Tide is about doing what you love. We’re looking for someone to join us on our exciting scale up journey and be a part of something special. We are wanting passionate Tideans to drive innovation and help build a best-in-class platform to support our members. You will be comfortable in ambiguous situations and will be able to navigate the evolving FinTech environment. Imagine shaping how millions of Tide members discover and engage with business banking platforms and building this on a global scale.  What We’re Looking For  Seasoned Senior Lead Data Scientist that can build and embed intelligence into the products that deliver significant business value to Partnership credit services business vertical of Tide  As The Senior Lead Data Scientist You’ll Be  Work closely with our Partnership Credit Services team in order to solve business problems that drive effective decisions for the business. This would be in areas of Lender Behaviour, Lead Priority Engine and Intelligence to match Lenders with Prospective Members Come up with High level road map for Data Science initiatives that can aid decisioning and improve Business Performance Understand business requirements and solutionize data products in order to solve them Identify creative solutions in order to build relevant training data sets Train models and optimize hyperparameters Work closely with our machine learn engineers and data engineers in order to productionize models Come up with adoption of newer methods and methodologies Coach junior data scientists on best practices  What Makes You a Great Fit  You have 10+ years of experience in Software development or Machine Learning. Strong in Python You have extensive experience working within financial services, especially Credit Services but not mandatory You have extensive experience with Machine Learning tools - scikit-learn , TensorFlow, Keras or PyTorch You have experience with big-data technologies such as Spark, SparkML, Hadoop etc. Strong knowledge of Cloud (AWS or other). You have excellent leadership skills - you have managed a team of data scientists before and coached them to become better versions of themselves You have excellent business acumen, you manage to translate business problems into data products You have excellent communication skills including the ability to explain statistical concepts and technical tradeoffs to business users You have experience in training, optimising and deploying a variety of ML-algorithms, such as logistic regressions, boosted trees and neural networks You’re a self-starter - you take initiative in spotting opportunities and finding ways to solve challenges with data Ability to deal with ambiguity and competing objectives in a fast paced environment Experience working in agile teams Familiarity with basic data table operations (SQL etc.), data transform in warehouse (dbt etc.) and business intelligence softwares (eg. Looker) Familiarity with model observability and explainability at scale  What You’ll Get In Return  Make work, work for you! We are embracing new ways of working and support flexible working arrangements. With our Working Out of Office (WOO) policy our colleagues can work remotely from home or anywhere in their assigned Indian state. Additionally, you can work from a different country or Indian state for 90 days of the year. Plus, you’ll get:  Competitive salary Self & Family Health Insurance Term & Life Insurance OPD Benefits Mental wellbeing through Plumm Learning & Development Budget WFH Setup allowance 15 days of Privilege leaves 12 days of Casual leaves 12 days of Sick leaves 3 paid days off for volunteering or L&D activities Stock Options  Tidean Ways of Working  At Tide, we’re Member First and Data Driven, but above all, we’re One Team. Our Working Out of Office (WOO) policy allows you to work from anywhere in the world for up to 90 days a year. We are remote first, but when you do want to meet new people, collaborate with your team or simply hang out with your colleagues, our offices are always available and equipped to the highest standard. We offer flexible working hours and trust our employees to do their work well, at times that suit them and their team.  Tide is a place for everyone  At Tide, we believe that we can only succeed if we let our differences enrich our culture. Our Tideans come from a variety of backgrounds and experience levels. We consider everyone irrespective of their ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity status or disability status. We believe it’s what makes us awesome at solving problems! We are One Team and foster a transparent and inclusive environment, where everyone’s voice is heard."
20,21,2023-03-24,IDESLABS PRIVATE LIMITED,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-ideslabs-private-limited-3537443873?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=U1rxxGRQWfZrx%2F0dHdtR9Q%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Greetings from IDESLABS,  This is Satya we have Immediate Openings on "" DATA SCIENTIST"" For Client NTT DATA PAN INDIA Location  Job Details  Skill: DATA SCIENTIST  Experience: 5+ Years  Location: - PAN INDIA  Notice Period: Immediate Joiners  Employee type: C2H Please Share your Updated CV's : careers@ideslabs.com  Arun: arun.vangari@ideslabs.com  Job Description  Must Have Experience on DATA SCIENTIST  If you are interested, Please Share below details and Updated Resume  Job Description Matched  Must have 8 to 11 years of overall IT experience  Must have 5+ years of hands on Model building experience using Machine Learning, Deep Learning and NLP  Experience in Designing and implementing ML pipelines and systems to train and deploy ML algorithms in a scalable, reliable, and cost-effective manner  Authoritative experience in the field of Data Science to influence stake holders across varied work streams and geographical locations, ability to challenge the status quo to improve the base line models and the models which are already productionized.  Experience in machine learning, supervised and unsupervised: Forecasting, Classification, Data/Text Mining, NLP, Decision Trees, Adaptive Decision Algorithms, Random Forest, Search Algorithms, Neural Networks, Deep Learning Algorithms.  First Name  Last Name:  Date Of Birth  Pass Port No and Expiry Date (Mandatory ) :  Alternate Contact Number  Total Experience:  Relevant Experience  Current CTC:  Expected CTC  Current Location:  Preferred Location  Current Organization  Payroll Company:  Notice Period  Holding any offer:  About IDESLABS, Summarized our services for quick understanding of IDESLABS’s offeringS  Training Services We have 9000 + trainer ecosystem 700 Plus courses across technologies, Delivered 45000 Plus of training across Geographies. Virtual Training to 150 + Professionals on monthly basis across technologies Training Partner for large corporations such as Wipro, Tech M, Infosys, Mylan etc Delivered training across the globe, Americas, Europe, South Africa, and Pan Asia Consulting Services Resourcing for both contract and Permanent positions 150000 + inhouse database 30 plus strong recruiter base based out of India. 75 + resources working at multiple customer locations. Partners for large IT houses such as WIPRO, NTTDATA, DXC, HCL &Tech M Catering to customers in US, Europe, UK, Middle East, and APAC (India & Singapore) Looking forward to work with you."
21,22,2023-07-12,Dun & Bradstreet,Data Scientist (R-14658),Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-r-14658-at-dun-bradstreet-3658002449?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=8om1jbQXmJBTycTLOcejsg%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Why We Work at Dun & Bradstreet  Dun & Bradstreet unlocks the power of data through analytics, creating a better tomorrow. Each day, we are finding new ways to strengthen our award-winning culture and accelerate creativity, innovation and growth. Our 6,000+ global team members are passionate about what we do. We are dedicated to helping clients turn uncertainty into confidence, risk into opportunity and potential into prosperity. Bold and diverse thinkers are always welcome. Come join us!  Company Profile  Dun & Bradstreet Technology and Corporate Services India LLP is the global center of excellence for providing technology and analytics solutions and services to Dun & Bradstreet and its clients globally. We specialize in delivering predictive models and decision management solutions to convert raw data into actionable insights. Our customers include banks, financial services organizations, credit bureaus, rating agencies and thousands of businesses across the globe.  Headquartered in Hyderabad (India), the company employs high caliber data scientists, economists, analytics professionals and data engineers from some of the finest institutions in the country striving to create more transparent credit & business environment and robust economies.  Job Title Data Scientist, Data Science  Key Skills Strong Analytical and Problem-Solving Skills, Statistical Modelling and Validation, Model Monitoring, Data Analysis, Risk Scorecard Development, Machine Learning etc.,  Overview  Dun & Bradstreet Technology and Corporate Services India LLP is looking for candidates for the role of Data Science to support the Data Science team in statistical model validations. The candidate needs to work closely with the team based in India and across a range of Analytics leaders who are located globally to fulfill delivery on a timely basis  Primary Responsibilities Include But Are Not Limited To  Conduct validation and ongoing monitoring activities for new and existing models. Review the various models developed by the Data Science and Analytics team across markets, fully understand the model theory and model assumptions and verify. Development and implementation of model validation processes in compliance with the regulatory requirements. Preparing comprehensive model validation reports including detailed analysis of model theory, formula, testing, conclusion and recommendations to improve model performance. Participate in model control, governance and monitoring. Work with various stakeholders in providing additional analysis based on specific needs.  Requirements  5 to 8 years of relevant experience in Data Analytics / Data Science / Model Validation roles Strong programming skills in tools such as Pyspark, Python, R, SQL to manipulate data and conduct statistical analysis Knowledge of Python packages and tools Sound Knowledge and understanding of development & in application of Statistical / Machine Learning models. Experience in BFSI domain / Statistical Modelling & Validation is an added advantage Ability to interpret and translate data into meaningful business insights Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills  All Dun & Bradstreet job postings can be found at https://www.dnb.com/about-us/careers-and-people/joblistings.html . Official communication from Dun & Bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb.com.  Global Recruitment Privacy Notice"
22,23,2023-06-08,RedBox HR Consulting,Data Scientist - Consulting Firm,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-consulting-firm-at-redbox-hr-consulting-3629162115?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=YmDNcuE1BNy%2BC8LNC4IBdw%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"The Candidate Must Demonstrate Proficiency In  Statistics, Machine Learning concepts and tools (R, Python, IBM SPSS) Deep Learning concepts and tool (LSTM, CNN and Tensorflow/Keras), Pyspark. Good understanding of NLP and building classification models using unstructured/text data The following end to end Data Science activities will be carried out. Understand Use case details and the ability to break down vague and complex problem statements in to workable point use cases. Data Collection: Sourcing Data from different Operational systems Data Preparation: Cleaning and Transformation Exploratory Data Analysis: Basic and Advanced data exploration Model Building: Design and Develop statistical models that can solve the use case. Model Evaluation: Use diagnostics of developed model to accept or reject the model, retraining of the model might be necessary. Perform tasks such as data ingestion, munging. Design and Build ML models basis Solution approach agreed by Lead/Manager. Perform tasks related to Operationalization - eg. wrapper script, REST service, Trigger, Monitoring  ,  This job is provided by Shine.com"
23,24,2023-06-26,Node.Digital LLC,AI Engineer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ai-engineer-at-node-digital-llc-3647436437?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=hhJ2nxMPd41C6e9sJHK1Og%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"AI/ML Developer  Location: Hyderabad  Experience: 5+ yrs  Requirements  Required Skills:  Overall experience of 5-10 Years working on Application/framework development Min 3+ years of exp in AI/ML-based app/solution development Hands-on exp with OCR, ICR and OMR technologies is a must Good programming knowledge in Python. Good understanding of Document Processing, classification and data extraction is a must Knowledge in Natural language processing (NLP) & Deep Learning is a must Hands-on Web application/APIs Development experience is a must Proficiency in asynchronous/multi-threaded programming Strong knowledge of algorithms, data structures, complexity, optimization, caching and security. Experience with JSON, SOAP, Rest, XML, XHTML, XSD and XSLT Strong knowledge of object-oriented concepts and Database concepts Experience with databases like SQL Server, MySQL Experience with No-SQL databases is a plus Knowledge of HTML5 and JavaScript is a plus Knowledge of Agile methodologies is desirable Experience working with a toolchain that includes TFS, SVN and Git. Involved in different phases of SDLC and have good working exposure on different SLDCs like Agile Methodologie"
24,25,2023-05-22,Unify Technologies,Applied AI/ML Engineer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/applied-ai-ml-engineer-at-unify-technologies-3614792194?refId=Vcl6bwyjHcSsNdCHUwyL%2Fg%3D%3D&trackingId=EUhkpr3xusFxn7TWRZIe6w%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=0&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Our Company: Unify Technologies  Company Nature of work: IT-Software Product Development and Product Engineering Services  Founded Year: 2015  Company Locations: USA, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Pune, Chandigarh, Gurgaon  Num of total Employees: 1,500+  Company Website: http://unifytech.com/  Company LinkedIn Website Address: https://www.linkedin.com/company/9206998  Employment Type: Full-Time  Role: Senior Software Development Engineer - Sr SDE  Project: AI Research Product  Experience: 6-10 Years  Key Skills: Design, Develop, and Deploy Machine Learning (ML) models, Good Understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms, Strong in Logical and problem solving skills  Number of Openings: 04  Joining time: Immediate to 30 days  Job Location: Hyderabad - India (Work from Office)  Education: Masters/Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering or a related technical discipline from a reputed institute is preferred.  Detailed Job Description  We are looking for an Applied ML Engineer who can Design, Develop, and Deploy Machine Learning (ML) models and applications using advanced techniques such as Language Modeling and Deep Learning. As an Applied ML Engineer, you will be responsible for building intelligent applications that leverage state-of-the-art algorithms to deliver exceptional user experiences.  Requirements  Minimum 4+ years of experience building ML Models and applications in a production environment. Strong proficiency in programming languages such as Python and Java Hands-on experience with Machine Learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Keras Solid understanding of Deep Learning architectures such as Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs) and Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs) Familiarity with cloud services such as AWS, Azure and GCP for ML model deployment and management Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to work independently or in a team Strong communication and interpersonal skills  Responsibilities  Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify business problems and opportunities that can be solved with ML solutions Develop, train, and optimise machine learning models using frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, and Keras Build natural language processing (NLP) models and applications using advanced techniques such as language modeling and text generation Design and implement machine learning pipelines for data processing, feature engineering, and model training Deploy and manage ML models in production using cloud services such as AWS, Azure and GCP Monitor model performance and diagnose issues to maintain model accuracy and reliability Work with software engineers to integrate ML models into applications and build scalable systems Stay up-to-date with the latest research and industry trends in ML and NLP  Contact: prakashg@unifytech.com"
25,26,2023-06-06,SocialPrachar.com,Data scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-socialprachar-com-3627616736?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=Qi02th%2FAuCACxOtsWJTq%2FA%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Hi We are Looking foe Data Science AI Professional role for our KPHB, Hyderabad Branch Requirements: Min 6 months to 1 Year experience in Data Science AI Need to have proven Experience with Good GitHub profile and projects Need to good with Data Science & AI Concepts Need to be good with Python, ML, Stats, Deep Learning, NLP, OpenCV etc Good Communication and presentation skills Skills:- Natural Language Processing (NLP), Computer Vision and recommendation algorithm"
26,27,2023-06-06,[x]cube LABS,Python Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-x-cube-labs-3627613378?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=LTuQuzzp68%2B5RPoxdRYNmQ%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description 3 - 4 years of hands-on Python programming & libraries like PyData, Pandas Exposure to Mongo DB Experience in writing Unit Test cases Expertise in writing medium/advanced SQL Database queries Strong Verbal/Written communication skills Ability to work with onsite counterpart teams Skills:- Django, Flask, PyData, pandas, MongoDB, Unit testing and SQL"
27,28,2023-07-10,"Deque Systems, Inc",Python Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-deque-systems-inc-3659752299?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=Iy8uOJ%2FPhLUaOUROnoMphg%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are looking for a strong Python developer who is able to work independently to develop and improve utilities that help deliver Deque’s products to our customers. This operations role helps bridge the gap between the products that Deque develops and our customers who need them deployed to be scalable, supportable solutions.  Primary Responsibilities  Write effective, scalable code Develop and improve utilities designed to help deploy Deque applications to our customers Understand existing Python code base and existing tools to best leverage solutions for our customers Test and debug programs Improve functionality of existing systems Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions Work closely with the customer support function to solve customer issues and keep customer support productive  Required Skills And Experience  At least 2 years of work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid) Familiarity with using REST API Good problem-solving skills BSc in Computer Science, Engineering, or relevant field Source code management, pull request reviews, and related technologies and methodologies Agile processes (scrum/kanban) Tkinter experience is a plus  Working Hours:  2:00 PM IST - 10:00 PM IST  Remote working - Yes  Powered by JazzHR  ey72GCNg2j"
28,29,2023-06-07,Thriving Springs Inc,Machine Learning Engineer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-thriving-springs-inc-3646811992?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=gmOor2p2mPGSGueKrXOB7w%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description  About Thriving Springs:  Have you ever wondered, what does it take to succeed at the workplace ? Is it only technical skills or do behavior skills also play a role ?  Research suggests that 85% of job success depends on soft and behavioral skills and this is where Thriving Springs plays a critical role by helping organizations, teams and individuals build these skills and unlock their highest potential and achieve an all round success. It does this by assessing current levels of soft and behavioral skills and then helping in growing them through Thriving Springs’s innovative smart platform that combines the power of emotional intelligence (EI) with artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).  Why join Thriving Springs ?  While there are many companies however , companies that are built with a clear purpose and mission to take humanity forward are rare. Thriving Springs - An Edtech startup is one of the pioneers in driving human productivity, fulfillment and success forward through empowering millions of working professionals globally with soft and behavioral skills and assisting them in the flow of work. Thriving Springs is leading a world wide and purpose led movement to drive success at the workplace and we invite you to join this fun and adventurous journey with us.  Culture, Rewards And Benefits  A great culture is created when everybody in the company has great opportunities, creates meaningful impact and contributes to good of society - Larry Page - Founder - Google  The founders of Thriving Springs come from Google and have built a Google like culture within Thriving Springs where each and every team member experiences freedom and autonomy to pursue their ideas that have deep impact and will shape the future of workplace learning. The culture at Thriving Springs is deeply rooted in emotional intelligence where there is emphasis on collaboration, empathy and winning together as one team.  The members will receive an attractive total compensation package including a competitive fixed salary, performance bonuses and ESOPs translating into non-incremental gains as the company grows into a potential unicorn. In addition, every member will receive medical and health insurance plus a special allowance to use gym and yoga services. In addition every member will get a sponsored subscription of audible to pursue their own learning journey.  Location: Hyderabad, India  Qualifications  BTech/BE in computer science, electrical, electronics or related fields 3+ years of development experience in building custom data models for AI and ML based products in a tech startup environment High emotional intelligence, empathy and collaborative approach. Expertise in Python, NumPy, Pandas, Node and using them to build custom models using LLM models like openAI Expertise in working with deep learning frameworks such as Keras and Tensorflow Expertise with big data programming practices Good knowledge of Basic Statistics (Hypothesis testing, probability, distributions, etc.) Exposure towards multivariate statistical Analysis (such as PCA, PLS, etc.). Strong in Machine learning and supervised learning techniques such as ANN, Decision Trees, SVM, Naïve Bayes, etc. Knowledge of Unsupervised learning techniques such as k-means, hierarchical clustering, etc. Should be a quick learner to keep up with the pace of the ever changing world of technology as the candidate will get excellent exposure to the latest and trending Cloud based Saas technologies and best practices while working with varied customers based across the globe.  Responsibilities  Responsible for using open source Machine Learning and AI libraries, OpenAI, DeepMind LLama etc Accountable for the development of custom AI models Manage data analytics and machine learning for monitoring, diagnosis, and predictive maintenance in the edtech industry. Designing, developing, and researching Machine Learning systems & models Searching and selecting appropriate data sets Performing statistical analysis and using results to improve models Identifying patterns in data distribution that could affect model performance in real-world situations Verifying data quality and/or ensuring it via data cleaning Data Visualization and insight gleaning Enriching existing ML frameworks and libraries  Skills: python,llm's,artificial intelligence"
29,30,2023-07-05,NStarX,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-nstarx-3649646921?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=JrS5%2FVyFQrs4e50R%2FK8riQ%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"As a Python Developer, your primary responsibility will be to develop and maintain Python- based applications and software solutions. You will work closely with the software development team, collaborating on projects and implementing efficient and scalable code. Your expertise in Python programming will be essential in creating robust and high-quality software solutions.  Responsibilities  Ideal candidates will possess hands on experience with many of the following: Develop, test, and maintain Python applications and software systems. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and implement software requirements. Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code following best practices and coding standards. Troubleshoot and debug issues in existing software applications and provide timely resolutions. Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and adherence to development standards. Optimise software performance and ensure scalability. Stay updated with the latest trends and advancements in Python and related technologies. Document software designs, technical specifications, and implementation details. Continuously enhance your skills and knowledge through self-learning and professional development. experience in FastApi, Grpc will be plus for the requirement A hand on experience in AWS is a plus."
30,31,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python/Pyspark,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-pyspark-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622577763?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=hrtXKF7DVuW22I4%2BKACnKw%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Detailed JD *(Roles and Responsibilities)  Python/Pyspark developer, Agile - sprint activities  Mandatory skills*  Python/Pyspark  Desired skills*  Python/Pyspark  Domain*  Banking/ Finance"
31,32,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Machine learning & artificial Intelligence,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-artificial-intelligence-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622574642?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=tsf2M2YJXlKf9OKFv9RVFA%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"ECMS Req #  433839  Number of Openings  1  Duration of contract  6 Months  No of years' experience  5+ years  Detailed Job Description - Skill Set  Good Interpersonal and collaboration skills.  Ability to work in a team Demonstrated work experience in Machine Leaning projects Ability to write code in Python and Java/R Knowledge on basics of math, probability, statistics and algorithms Experience in working with Client frameworks like TensorFlow and Keras. Experience in working with various Client libraries and packages like Scikit learn, Theano, Tensorflow, Matplotlib, Caffe, etc. Good understanding and strong knowledge in algorithms and statistics Knowledge on data modelling, software architecture and data structure. AI Experience  Mandatory Skills  Machine learning and artificial Intelligence  Good to Have Skills  Vendor Billing range ( in INR for Offshore )  6500 -7500/day  Work Location  Anywhere within India  Client Interview / F2F Applicable  Yes  Background Check Process To Be Followed  Pre-Onboarding"
32,33,2023-05-05,ACE Online,Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-ace-online-3598187269?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=t3aANirz8n7Qhdr3%2BMY5bA%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job brief  We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights.  In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for programming, analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions.  What we offer A highly visible role which offers you the opportunity to make your mark, create impact and grow rapidly. Opportunity to work directly with the product leadership team that is involved in a wide spectrum of company building activities. A challenging environment with a scope to perfect your craft and learn a few life lessons along the way. A good medical insurance plan and employee friendly policies.  What You Will Work On Research & Develop statistical learning models for Data Analysis Clean, prepare and optimize data at scale for ingestion and consumption Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers Implement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models and analysis Anticipate, identify and solve issues concerning data management to improve data quality Design and implement product features in collaboration with business , Product and Technology stakeholders. Keep up to date with the latest technology trends .  Your Experience Great numerical and analytical skills Previous experience as a data scientist or in a similar role Technical expertise with data processing, database programming, data mining, and data analytics Good background in data mining and statistical analysis Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation Excellent pattern recognition and prediction modeling skills Knowledge of programming languages such as Java/Python. Bachelor's or Master’s Degree in Computer Science or Related fields is a PLUS."
33,34,2023-05-05,Yo Hr Consultancy,Decision Scientist ( Data Analytics ),Executive,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/decision-scientist-data-analytics-at-yo-hr-consultancy-3593851298?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=n1UcoiGsn9AwRx7UDMW3Fg%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Experience - 1 - 4 Year  Salary - Up To - 20 LPA  MUST HAVES -  Python/R  Data Visualisation\  Data Analytics  Tier 1 institutes are only considered.  Key Responsibilities  Work with cash-flow, behavioural and traditional bureau datasets. Regular analysis of the behavioural and cash-flow data to identify the trends and patterns in the data Create monitoring frameworks to track product performance and approvals in loan journeys. Develop and track key metrics to measure and monitor risk products performance. Effectively communicate insights and portfolio trends to drive the team towards goals.  Primary Requirements (Must-have)  Strong knowledge of and experience with Python /R and statistical techniques. Ability to handle, analyse and visualize large Datasets Keen on problem solving and aptitude for learning. Education in Engineering, Math, Statistics or equivalent experience You must have 1-4 years of experience in data analytics/ business analytics /  decision analytics  Preferred Qualifications  Previous experience in fintechs/ consultancies Knows any programming language Framework(s) approach to problem solving and ability to break down broader  problem statements to hypothesis and validate  Knowledge of Statistical models"
34,35,2023-04-01,ColorTokens Inc.,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-colortokens-inc-3573011286?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=8uQ4LtMAvQbogtUx%2BCVTtA%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Responsibilities  As a faculty member of ACE, you will be responsible for the design of the curriculum, including modules for Learning, Practice, Assessment, and Projects. Work with the SMEs to create and upgrade the content to maximize students' success. Work with SMEs to pick the right tools to build an experiential learning program (Project-Based). As a faculty member of ACE, you will be responsible for the success of the students in your cohort. Therefore, you will be expected to understand the strengths and weaknesses of your cohort and adjust the pace of teaching accordingly. Timely delivery of lectures / conducting tutorials/training sessions by the program schedule. Conduct regular doubt-solving and Q and A sessions as per the program schedule. You will be expected to teach essential strategies and tips to ensure that retention of concepts is higher to improve interview success. Create a positive learning environment. Opportunity to mentor students to a brighter future. You will help the students analyze their shortcomings and design strategies to overcome them. Solve student doubts and improve their conceptual strength. Guide the students to enhance their interview success rate and make better career decisions.  Requirements  3 years experience as Data Scientist. Should possess strong knowledge of Data Science and must have experience with production environments. Expertise with Python/R is a must. Passionate about Data Science and staying up-to-date with the latest development in the field. Any existing Online or Offline Teaching experience is a bonus. Strong teaching skills (English or Hindi+English), good body language, and empathy for students are necessary."
35,36,2023-05-08,NearBuzz,Senior AI/ML Engineer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-ai-ml-engineer-at-nearbuzz-3601277972?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=b46hPM84N86Z%2Bth3IcI1hQ%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Are you interested in working on the latest in Computer Vision tech? This position is for you!  Must Have Core AI Skills: Computer Vision, Image Processing, Deep Learning Deep experience in neural network architectures such as CNN/RNN/GNN Frameworks: Tensorflow/PyTorch/ONNX, Nvidia stack (Deepstream, Triton Inference Server, TensorRT etc.) Programming: Python/C++"
36,37,2023-05-28,Cobblestone Energy,"JUNIOR DATA SCIENTIST - Dubai, UAE",Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/junior-data-scientist-dubai-uae-at-cobblestone-energy-3641767277?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=ZG2CIVvNzrYL9MscNGU6kg%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location: Dubai, UAE (We provide visa sponsorship & relocation assistance)  Starting salary of USD 60,000 per annum + performance based bonus - 0% tax environment + an opportunity to join our employee share scheme  About Cobblestone Energy  Cobblestone Energy is an energy trading company specialising in the Great Britain and European wholesale electricity markets. Founded in 2017, we are part of the next generation of companies defining the future of global commodity trading.  We make use of advanced data analytics and extensive research to drive profitable decision making, trading enough electricity every day to power a small country, and growing every day. In doing so, we help to balance the electricity grid, lowering the cost to end consumers, and aiding the transition to a renewable future. Technology and risk management form the backbone of our business.  At Cobblestone Energy, we are a diverse team of over 50 people from 20+ nationalities - we believe in hiring extraordinary talent from all around the world. Our flat organizational structure helps us in giving our team members complete ownership of the work and ensures ideas come from every level. We believe in providing unlimited growth opportunities to our people alongside constant feedback and support, which allows us to cover our vulnerabilities and grow as a team in new and interesting ways. With the right performance and potential, you could be managing the power desk for an entire country within eighteen months in your role. Come join our dream team!  Cobblestone Values  Lifelong learning with continuous reflection Independent thinking through a meritocracy of ideas The team is more important than the individual. Being the best in any market we enter Hiring and keeping only the most effective people Others must benefit from our existence.  What We Offer In This Role  A full-time position on our Commercial team Committed and remarkably talented colleagues. Highly competitive compensation dependent on performance An exciting, challenging and fulfilling career. Investment in your development to ensure that you always remain the best in business. Equity participation for strong contributors, ensuring our interests are all aligned long term.  Do you have a passion for data and a solid foundation in mathematics and computer science? If you are a recent graduate or early career professional, Cobblestone Energy, a high-speed energy trading company in Dubai, is looking for you to join us as a Junior Data Scientist. Help drive informed decision making throughout the organization.  As a Junior Data Scientist at Cobblestone Energy, you will play a critical role in supporting our energy trading operations. You will be responsible for collecting, cleaning, analysing, and interpreting large datasets to uncover trends, patterns, and insights that will drive our business decisions. You will also have the opportunity to develop predictive models to forecast energy prices and trends and collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement data-driven solutions.  Key Responsibilities:  Developing deep understanding of the industry and delivering key insights by analysing data Forecasting different fundamentals such as wind power generation and demand Researching and implementing new trading strategies Building and developing new or existing data infrastructure  Your background:  Bachelor's or master's degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or a related field Strong proficiency in programming languages such as Python and R Experience with data analysis and manipulation tools such as Pandas, NumPy, and SQL Knowledge of data visualization tools such as Matplotlib and Seaborn Experience that demonstrates your team-oriented, innovative, and strategic working styles. Pro-active and flexible work mentality Interest in data-driven trading Fluency in English, both written and spoken.  About the Role: This is an exciting opportunity for a Junior Data Scientist to join a growing and innovative energy trading company. You will have the opportunity to work on challenging projects, gain valuable industry experience, and develop your skills in a supportive and dynamic environment.  The Hiring Process  Your application will undergo evaluation, followed by psychometric tests, a trading simulation, a research project, and remote interviews. Successful candidates will then be extended an offer to join our Dubai office as full-time Commercial Graduates through our Commercial Development Program (CDP). We will cover all relocation expenses, including flights, visas, housing, and necessary paperwork. The CDP provides a comprehensive rotational experience in data science, trading, and analytics, with guidance from our experienced commercial team. Throughout the program, you will receive mentorship and training in market fundamentals, leading to the development of strong analytical skills. Upon completion of the program, you will be a Junior Data Scientist  If you are eager to learn, thrive in a fast-paced environment, and are passionate about using data to drive business decisions, we want to hear from you! Apply now and take the first step in your career as a Junior Data Scientist at Cobblestone Energy."
37,38,2023-07-11,Quantium,IND (New) ML Ops Engineer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ind-new-ml-ops-engineer-at-quantium-3471412012?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=CSyBnF%2Fbmzb0tTMLtO2dlw%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Quantium  Founded in 2002, Quantium combines the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  MLOps Resposibilities  Design the data pipelines and engineering infrastructure to support our clients’ enterprise machine learning systems at scale Take models data scientists build and turn them into a real machine learning production system Develop and deploy scalable tools and services for our clients to handle machine learning training and inference Identify and evaluate new technologies to improve performance, maintainability, and reliability of machine learning solutions Apply software engineering rigor and best practices to machine learning pipelines, including CI/CD, automation, etc. Support models with an emphasis on auditability, versioning, and data security Facilitate the development and deployment of proof-of-concept machine learning systems  Skills Required  Ability to build MLOps pipelines Ability to design and implement solutions in GCP Experience in Kubeflow Pipelines platform for building and deploying portable, scalable machine learning (ML) workflows Experience in Vertex AI services for building, deploying, and managing machine learning models in the cloud Experience with containerization and Kubernetes Good understanding of Linux for managing servers Automation for deploying machine learning solutions using Python/Bash/Go/Ruby scripting etc. Exposure to machine learning models built using scikit frameworks in Python Exposure to machine learning frameworks such as Keras or PyTorch or Tensorflow Hands-on experience managing or provisioning GPU/CPU clusters, or other large-scale cloud or Linux/Unix systems. Experience embedding monitoring solutions in ML applications Hands on experience developing and training AI/ML models. Proven experience implementing CI/CD on large-scale operational AI pipelines"
38,39,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Development,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-development-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657431396?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=iDd8GiBggp1fAUZsUC0Yww%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Must Have Skills (Top 3 technical skills only) *  Job Description  Python Developer and AWS Deployment Detailed Job Description  Must have Development & Automation Experience in Python : 5-8 years' experience Must have AWS Deployment 2-3 years' experience Minimum years of experience*:  5-8 Years Certifications Needed Top 3 responsibilities you would expect the Subcon to shoulder and execute*:  Responsible for programming a component, feature and or feature set. Works independently and contributes to the immediate team and to other teams across business. You will also contribute to design discussions. Any additional information you would like to share about the project specs/ nature of work:  Telecom project and the working hours will be 9AM to 5PM IST on working days."
39,40,2023-05-31,"Deque Systems, Inc",Python Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-deque-systems-inc-3623565042?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=b5%2FV1iwcoPfFFBqJ1He96Q%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are looking for a strong Python developer who is able to work independently to develop and improve utilities that help deliver Deque’s products to our customers. This operations role helps bridge the gap between the products that Deque develops and our customers who need them deployed to be scalable, supportable solutions.  Primary Responsibilities  Write effective, scalable code Develop and improve utilities designed to help deploy Deque applications to our customers Understand existing Python code base and existing tools to best leverage solutions for our customers Test and debug programs Improve functionality of existing systems Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions Work closely with the customer support function to solve customer issues and keep customer support productive  Required Skills And Experience  At least 2 years of work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid) Familiarity with using REST API Good problem-solving skills BSc in Computer Science, Engineering, or relevant field Source code management, pull request reviews, and related technologies and methodologies Agile processes (scrum/kanban) Tkinter experience is a plus  Working Hours:  2:00 PM IST - 10:00 PM IST  Remote working - Yes  Powered by JazzHR  ey72GCNg2j"
40,41,2023-06-06,Ogive Technology,Data Scientist,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-ogive-technology-3627619599?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=Dtq2bBM59lR1u8c%2Fl2sxag%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are hiring for software engineer Minimum 1 year experience engineering graduate from Mechanical/EEE/EC/CS stream Primary role will be helping our customers to assist in development requirement in image processing It will also involves development technical specifications and product description in image processing field. You will get to work on new and disruptive technologies.  Key Skills  Familiarization with basic Linux commands *Hands on experience in image processing application development based on Deep Neural Networks, open cv etc Experience in working with Python, R, Tensorflow and C/C++ Job Location : Hyderabad  Resumes to be sent to Ogive mail id Skills:- Natural Language Processing (NLP), Computer Vision and recommendation algorithm"
41,42,2023-06-21,IDESLABS PRIVATE LIMITED,Python Developer,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-ideslabs-private-limited-3640504288?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=lKHnIIqmyxp0TdF3FyXttw%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Greetings from IDES LABS PVT LTD  Immediate Openings on Python Developer_Pan India_Contract  Experience: 5+  Skill: Python Developer  Location: Hyderabad  Notice Period: Immediate.  Employment Type: Contract  Job Description  Python Developer Their primary responsibility is to work with the PANW team to build automation for provisioning access to 35-40 applications. We are using XSOAR workflow orchestration engine to run this automation.  POSITION GENERAL DUTIES AND TASKS: Python Developer Their primary responsibility is to work with the PANW team to build automation for provisioning access to 35-40 applications. We are using XSOAR workflow orchestration engine to run this automation.  Interested candidates share profiles at  Email: arun.vangari@ideslabs.com  Mobile: 7794889980  About IDESLABS, Summarized our services for quick understanding of IDESLABS’s offeringS  Training Services  We have 9000 + trainer ecosystem 700 Plus courses across technologies, Delivered 45000 Plus of training across Geographies. Virtual Training to 150 + Professionals on monthly basis across technologies Training Partner for large corporations such as Wipro, Tech M, Infosys, Mylan etc Delivered training across the globe, Americas, Europe, South Africa, and Pan Asia  Consulting Services  Resourcing for both contract and Permanent positions 150000 + inhouse database 30 plus strong recruiter base based out of India. 75 + resources working at multiple customer locations. Partners for large IT houses such as WIPRO, NTTDATA, DXC, HCL &Tech M Catering to customers in US, Europe, UK, Middle East, and APAC (India & Singapore)  Looking forward to work with you."
42,43,2023-06-11,Sanofi,Data scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-sanofi-3656813678?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=KrDLmblMGxLOTymen3xMSQ%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About The Job  Our Team:  Sanofi Global Hub (SGH) is an internal Sanofi resource organization based in India and is setup to centralize processes and activities to support Specialty Care, Vaccines, General Medicines, CHC, CMO, and R&D, Data & Digital functions . SGH strives to be a strategic and functional partner for tactical deliveries to Medical, HEVA, and Commercial organizations in Sanofi, globally.  Main responsibilities:  Serve as project lead for extracting and transforming data, building data pipelines, establishing data and analytics cloud infrastructure, building data models and analytical models, deploying them in production, and supporting changes – starting from data currently being ingested from H2S and Dario, and soon Glooko and Abbott  People: (1) Ensuring alignment with CDO Data Foundation team by building data solutions alongside the CDO team and evolve the engineering process to scale with data, handling complex problems Process: (1) Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns and present information using data visualization techniques, and if appropriate automate the analytical framework in the form of a dashboard. (2) support development and maintenance of proprietary advanced analytics models (e.g., behavioural or app engagement models) or knowledge development projects and deliver high quality end products on time and perform quality checks wherever required. Customer: (1) Work with UX and Visual Design teams to design analytical plan to test features, interpreting behavioral models into stunning and user-focused visualizations.  About You  Experience: Experienced on Big Data platforms and tools like AWS, Azure, GCP and tools like Spark, Kafka, Snowflake, GCS Data Proc, Azure DataFactory, AWS Glue, Apache Beam/Flink, Python/PySpark. Etc  Technical experience in handling datasets working with at least one of the following object-oriented languages - Python, Scala, Java Conceptual clarity of statistical and machine learning techniques.  Soft skills: Ability to effectively communicate the methods and results of complex analyses to a wide range of audience.  Ability to function autonomously and manage the delivery of projects with quality control.  Ability to work effectively in a team environment.  Excellent project management skills and ability to meet deadlines.  Flexibility to adapt to diverse clients and project needs.  Technical skills: Proficiency in visualization tool (Tableau, D3, PowerBI, etc.) Education: University degree in computer science, engineering, applied mathematics or related fields and excellent academic record required; advanced degree preferred Languages: Familiarity with distributed computing frameworks (e.g., Spark, Dask), cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Azure, GCP), containerization (e.g. Docker, Kubernetes), automation (e.g., CircleCI, Jenkins) and traditional RDBMS (e.g., MS SQL Server, MySQL)  Pursue progress, discover extraordinary  Better is out there. Better medications, better outcomes, better science. But progress doesn’t happen without people – people from different backgrounds, in different locations, doing different roles, all united by one thing: a desire to make miracles happen. So, let’s be those people.  At Sanofi, we provide equal opportunities to all regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.  Watch our ALL IN video and check out our Diversity Equity and Inclusion actions at sanofi.com!  At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all."
43,44,2023-07-12,Franklin Templeton India,Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-franklin-templeton-india-3622311342?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=%2FSNXvqhb5KLWwWYeyhJZ8A%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"At Franklin Templeton, everything we do is focused on one thing – delivering better client outcomes. We do that by partnering closely with our clients, assessing their strategic needs, and identifying the solution or solutions that can meet the challenge. Over 9,500 employees working in 30 countries around the world are dedicated to servicing investment solutions for our clients in more than 155 countries. For more than 75 years our success has been a direct result of the talent, skills and persistence of our people, and we are looking for qualified candidates to join our team.  What is the Distribution Intelligence team responsible for? The Distribution Intelligence Analyst – Data Science will be an integral part of our Distribution Intelligence team. Collaborating closely with Franklin Templeton Distribution, you will harness the power of data to inform, execute, and measure our Distribution strategy. Your role will encompass the comprehensive range of distribution-related data, spanning across market, product, client, and engagement intelligence. With an analytical mindset, you will interpret this data and provide insightful analysis to stakeholders at all levels of the organization. Working in close partnership with our sales, marketing, and technology teams, you will co-create best-in-class solutions that drive sales, retain assets, and diversify Franklin Templeton's client base#MID_SENIOR_LEVEL What are the ongoing responsibilities of a Data Scientist? Analyze complex and large datasets from various sources, including market, product, customer, sales, and marketing data, to identify patterns, trends, and correlations that provide actionable insights for improving business outcomes. Develop and deploy predictive models using advanced statistical and machine learning techniques to support enhanced business understanding of sales trends, segmentation, customer behaviors, and performance, enabling proactive decision-making and strategic planning. Create visually appealing and informative data visualizations to effectively communicate key insights, trends, and performance metrics to stakeholders at various levels of the organization. Ensure data integrity, accuracy, and consistency by implementing data quality standards, data governance policies, and best practices to maintain high data quality across relevant systems and databases. Collaborate closely with cross-functional teams, including business leaders, analysts, and IT teams, to understand business needs, align strategies, and translate business questions into data-informed solutions. Effectively communicate complex technical concepts, insights, and recommendations to both technical and non-technical stakeholders through presentations, reports, and clear documentation. Stay updated on industry trends, emerging technologies, and best practices in data science, business analytics and the asset management industry to identify new opportunities, tools, and methodologies that drive continuous improvement and innovation. What ideal qualifications, skills and experience would help someone to be successful? We are actively seeking a talented and results-driven Data Scientist to join our team and play a crucial role in driving business outcomes through the power of data analytics and insights. As a Data Scientist, you will apply your expertise in advanced data analytics, statistical modeling, and machine learning techniques to extract valuable insights and optimize our business strategies. Your contributions will empower us to make data-informed decisions, identify growth opportunities, and propel our organization to new levels of success. Master's/bachelor's degree in data science, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Economics, or a related field. Minimum of 2 years of experience working as a Data Scientist or in a similar analytical role, with a focus on driving business outcomes through data analysis and insights. Experience in financial services or the asset management industry is a plus. Strong analytical skills and proven ability to analyze complex datasets, derive actionable insights, and translate them into tangible business outcomes and recommendations. Proficient in programming languages such as Python and R, and experience with data manipulation, analysis, and visualization libraries (e.g., pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, seaborn). Solid understanding of machine learning algorithms, model evaluation, and feature engineering. Experience with frameworks like scikit-learn or TensorFlow is desirable. Interest and/or experience using new machine learning platforms, such as H2O, is a plus. Proficiency in statistical modeling techniques such as regression, clustering, time series analysis, and hypothesis testing. Ability to understand business objectives, market dynamics, and customer behavior to effectively contribute to Distribution business outcomes. Excellent verbal and written communication skills to convey complex technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders. Strong problem-solving abilities with a focus on identifying opportunities, designing analytical approaches, and translating findings into actionable solutions. Ability to collaborate effectively in cross-functional teams, build relationships, and work towards shared goals. Join our team in this exceptional opportunity to contribute your data science expertise in a collaborative and forward-thinking environment. Together, we will leverage data-informed insights to shape our distribution strategies and propel our organization's growth and success. Work Shift Timing - 2:00 PM - 11:00 PM IST  What makes Franklin Templeton Investments unique?  In addition to the dynamic and professional environment at Franklin Templeton, we strive to ensure that our employees have access to a competitive and valuable set of Total Rewards—the mix of both monetary and non-monetary rewards provided to you in recognition for your time, talents, efforts, and results.  Highlights of our benefits include: Professional development growth opportunities through in-house classes and over 150 Web-based training courses An educational assistance program to financially help employees seeking continuing education Medical, Life and Personal Accident Insurance benefit for employees. Medical insurance also cover employee’s dependents (spouses, children and dependent parents) Life insurance for protection of employees’ families Personal accident insurance for protection of employees and their families Personal loan assistance Employee Stock Investment Plan (ESIP) “Location specific benefits” as mentioned below Onsite fitness center, recreation center, and cafeteria Cricket grounds and gymnasium Library Health Center with doctor availability HDFC ATM on the campus Franklin Templeton Investments is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We invite you to visit us at Franklin Templeton Careers to learn more about our company and our career opportunities.  Franklin Templeton is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive environment. If you believe that you need a workplace arrangement to search for, or apply for, one of our positions please send an email to accommodations@franklintempleton.com . In your email, please include the arrangement you are requesting and the job title and job number you are applying for. We will review the request and make a best effort to enact the arrangement. It may take up to three business days to receive a response to your request. Please note that only requests for arrangements will receive a response."
44,45,2023-06-05,SKILLETY,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-skillety-3626315960?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=43%2BOCK0FZZKVuqc8SkGXew%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Skills: Domain Subject Matter Expert, Advanced Maths, Statistics, Machine Learning, Data Mining Tools,  Tools: Python, R, SQL, Docker, Airflow  Responsibilities  Algorithms, Data Models enabling intelligence driven personalised customer experiences (Marketing use cases) or operational effectiveness (CS, Payments, Trading use cases)"
45,46,2023-06-10,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,"Python, Pandas, and Pyspark",Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-pandas-and-pyspark-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3649699074?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=Rzl4S%2BUQEivAoIdnQEONlA%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Backend Developer / Developer (Full Stack) 4 1 You have demonstrable experience in the following areas:  Educated to degree Level  Experience in Python, Pandas, and Pyspark.  Experience in SQL, Hive, or Impala.  Experience in working with large data volumes and complex business logic.  Experience in performance tuning of Python and Pyspark jobs and SQL Queries.  Experience in analyzing large data sets to determine trends and movements.  Experience in working at SCRUM/Agile and willingness to juggle multiple hats/roles as member of the scrum team.  Familiarity with modern development practices such as Odyssey - to cover JIRA, Confluence, Git etc.  Results-oriented individual with excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.  Strong logic, problem perception and solving skills paired with open-mindedness and a bias for action.  Keen interest in learning about Credit Risk business area.  Good written and verbal communication skills with proficiency in English.  You understand the value of diversity in the workplace and are dedicated to fostering an inclusive culture in all aspects of working life so that people from all backgrounds receive equal treatment, realize their full potential, and can bring their full, authentic selves to work."
46,47,2023-07-11,Quantium,"IND (New) Data Scientist, Data Management",Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ind-new-data-scientist-data-management-at-quantium-3484026348?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=00nWg2Ej13jTSqN3JCiXFQ%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Quantium  For over 20 years Quantium have combined the best of human and artificial intelligence to power  possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has  happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the  needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of  the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about  building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts,  strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all  dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky.  You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium  embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team  members, clients and partners.  Role summary  The Analyst, Product Analytics role is an individual contributor role within a cross-functional team  accountable for the delivery of a product roadmap. Working together with the Lead Data Analyst, Executive  Managers and other technical specialists from analytics and software engineering disciplines, the Analyst  will support Senior Analysts and Analytics Leads in the design, specification and fulfillment of Analytic  solutions. This includes development, testing and delivery of analytic files for consumption by customers.  Key responsibilities   In collaboration with a wider team of analysts, deliver advanced analytics solutions for one of  Quantium’s products   Desire for learning and acquisition of key analytical, technical and commercial skills and  Quantium business knowledge to become a proficient Analyst working under minimal supervision   Help internal stakeholders understand and optimise use of Quantium products   Develop thorough knowledge of the commercial application of data rules and standards   Ensuring customer deliverables meet the quality standards of our customers   Manage your career progression and acquisition of industry knowledge  Key activities   Data extraction and manipulation   Delivery of tasks to support a product roadmap and BAU product operation tasks, working in a  cross-functional team managed by a Lead Analyst, Product Lead or Delivery Manager  Classification: Public page 2   Creation of analytics approaches to solve business problems in a scalable and repeatable way  using automation where possible   Design, development or testing of an analytics algorithm, including prototyping   Developing the specifications for an analytics algorithm to be implemented by software engineers   Peer reviewing the work of other analysts (both conceptual and documentation)   Carrying out a process required for BAU delivery of any aspect of the product that needs regular  production   Investigating objections or issues raised by users   Following best practice guidelines, tools and formal processes for analytics practised at  Quantium   Responding to the queries of internal and external customers of the product and communicate  updates relating to delivery of new features and BAU   Providing estimates of work effort, timeframes and costings for analytics tasks. Peer reviewing  estimates developed by team members   Taking active steps to continuously improve own performance and drive own career development   Taking active steps to drive improvement in the knowledge, capability level and quality of work of  Associate Analysts and Analysts in own team   Participation in Analytics Community initiatives, such as Analytics Review for other projects,  organisation or facilitation at events, etc.  Experience And Education Required  To be successful in this role the key competencies required include:   3-5 years’ experience in a highly operational analytics environment, carrying out data analytics or  data science work   Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a  related discipline   Sound knowledge of technical analytics discipline, including data preparation, experiment design,  feature engineering and foundational analytics concepts, model development and model training   Sound knowledge of one or more technical tools and coding languages that are used for  analytics  A broad range is used at Quantium and the concepts are transferable, so we do not  require a specific set of tools  However, some tools and programming languages that might qualify include (in no  particular order): R, Python, SQL, Scala, Haskell, SAS, MATLAB, S-Plus, C/C++, Perl   Strong problem-solving skills, including ability to apply a systematic problem-solving approach   Solid interpersonal skills, as the role will need to work in a cross-functional team with both other  analysts and specialists from non-analytics disciplines   Solid stakeholder management skills   Ability to autonomously carry out work, following analytics best practice as defined at Quantium  for the relevant types of tools or techniques, suggesting improvements where appropriate   Commercial acumen to understand business needs and the commercial impacts of different  analytics solutions or approaches   Attention to detail   Drive for continuous improvement  What does success look like?  After 3 months in the role the incumbent will be:   able to apply in-depth professional knowledge and understanding to technical or business  problem solving   knowledgeable and able to speak confidently about Quantium’s products and solutions   across all the processes required to deliver against the role   able to work under minimal supervision  Classification: Public page 3  After 12 months in the role the incumbent will:   be able to apply theoretical and practical knowledge in owning additional and more complex  tasks within the end-to-end analytical solution with minimal guidance and support from senior  analysts   demonstrate proactivity in owning tasks and seeking development opportunities with support  from more senior team members (e.g. attending knowledge sharing sessions, determining  development areas, seeking relevant work experience)   proactive communication on work progress and escalating complexities with relevant  stakeholders   proactively engage with wider team to identify and implement any improvement initiatives  contribute to coaching and guiding any junior team members  Key People And Leadership Capabilities Required  Self-aware - you leverage diversity across people, tasks, client interactions and projects,  taking responsibility for self and other  Agile and innovative - you possess strong lateral thinking skills and actively develop these in  others  Achieve and perform - you have exceptional execution skills and are achievement focused Brand advocate - you anticipate and consider brand and cultural impact in decision making Purposeful and aligned - you are able to set clear, tangible objectives which deliver against  our strategy  Achievement oriented - you effectively facilitate challenging performance related  conversations in a timely and appropriate manner  Coach - you demonstrate the ability to coach and develop others while facilitating learning,  growth and engagement"
47,48,2023-06-16,Cyient,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-cyient-3660614949?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=K9RPTnp6Ny9QteBwO%2BeyzA%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Cyient is a global engineering and technology solutions company. As a Design, Build, and Maintain partner for leading organizations worldwide, we take solution ownership across the value chain to help clients focus on their core, innovate, and stay ahead of the curve. We leverage digital technologies, advanced analytics capabilities, and our domain knowledge and technical expertise, to solve complex business problems.  With over 15,000 employees globally, we partner with clients to operate as part of their extended team in ways that best suit their organization’s culture and requirements. Our industry focus includes aerospace and defence, healthcare, telecommunications, rail transportation, semiconductor, geospatial, industrial, and energy.  Job Description  Responsible for modeling complex business problems, discovering business insights and identifying opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, mining and visualization techniques. In addition to advanced analytics skills, this role is also proficient at integrating and preparing large, varied datasets, architecting specialized database and computing environments, and communicating results.  Skills & Experience  Advanced Analytics, Algorithms, Datasets, Identifying Opportunities  Cyient is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  Cyient recruits, employs, trains, compensates, and promotes regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law. We are proud to be a diverse and inclusive company where our people can focus their whole self on solving problems that matter."
48,49,2023-05-20,Saras Analytics,Machine Learning Engineer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-saras-analytics-3635738489?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=WyedJQ5%2FsPtT972FmgT5Yg%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Saras Analytics  Saras Analytics is a rapidly growing data management and analytics advisory firm with offices in Austin, USA and Hyderabad, India. We are a group of engineers and analysts focused on accelerating growth for e-commerce and digital businesses by setting up or transforming their data (analytics & BI) ecosystems and providing further analytics services. We are laser focused on providing the best ROI for our clients and leave no stone unturned in our quest to provide the best results for our customers.  We are an employee-centric organization and, to meet the ever-growing demand for our services, are looking for individuals who share our passion to make a difference and would be great additions to our analytics and growth consulting practice.  Responsibilities  Develop and implement machine learning models using GPT-3.5/4 to improve our analytics platform. Analyse and interpret large amounts of data to gain insights into customer behaviour, marketing efficiency, operational bottlenecks and revenue generating opportunities. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities for improving our products and solutions. Work with stakeholders to define requirements and develop solutions that meet their needs. Train GPT-3.5/4 using our ecommerce datasets to improve the accuracy and relevance of product, solution, and service offerings. Train large language models such as Llama, Design, develop, and deploy ML models to solve complex problems using algorithms and mathematical models. Your focus will be on building and training Large Language Models (LLMs) such as Llama ang GPT3+ Collecting, cleaning, and preparing large volumes of text data for use in training the LLM. Designing, implementing, and optimizing the architecture of the LLM using appropriate algorithms such as Transformers, Recurrent Neural Networks (RNNs), or Convolutional Neural Networks (CNNs). Training the LLM on the prepared dataset and fine-tuning it to achieve optimal performance in terms of accuracy, speed, and efficiency. Evaluating the performance of the LLM on various metrics, such as perplexity. Collaborating with other ML engineers, data scientists, and domain experts to ensure that the LLM meets the desired requirements and delivers value to the stakeholders. Keeping up to date with the latest research in NLP, LLMs, and related fields, and applying new techniques and approaches to improve the performance of the LLM.  Requirements  Bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, Statistics, or related field. 3+ years of experience in data science or machine learning, with a focus on NLP and deep learning along with experience in developing and deploying large-scale ML models. Strong programming skills in Python and experience with deep learning frameworks such as TensorFlow or PyTorch. Experience with GPT-3 or other language models is highly desired. Experience working with large datasets and familiarity with data analysis tools such as SQL, R, or Pandas."
49,50,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657431407?refId=sfWXJwiJDcdZphOlW42%2B3Q%3D%3D&trackingId=4i9scRXCXDUwww6UWdKTUw%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=1&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Skills Location Python Developer should have an experience in Rest API , Data Science.  Developer syntax knowledge in cloud technologies is preferrable Pune"
50,51,2023-05-17,Covalense Global,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-covalense-global-3631940932?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=C%2FLSbrh24wMqRfhyNP6nGQ%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Exp: 3-8 years; Must have 3 to 8 years on Python Strong Python programming skills with excellent analytical and problem solving skills Knowledge in working on complex data transformations using Excel and CSV Working knowledge on various packages etc. Working knowledge on web scrapping Working knowledge on automation of windows applications using python Knowledge of Excel and VBA is desirable Knowledge of R Programming is desirable Understanding of the threading limitations of Python, and multi-process architecture. Job Type Permanent Position"
51,52,2023-06-03,SenecaGlobal,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-senecaglobal-3621313974?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=xEKLVs6SdDCB%2FS%2B6kqrbMg%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Responsibilities  Develop Python Based APIs using FastAPI and Flask frameworks. Implementation of workflow using Apache airflow or similar tools. Follow and enforce organization-defined SDLC within the offshore team. Writing and modifying Docker files for the back-end and Front-End Components. Integrate CI/CD pipelines for Automation and Code quality checks. Writing complex ORM mappings using SQLAlchemy. Unit testing using pytest, unit test, etc.  Requirements  Strong experience in Python and Python-based technologies and frameworks including Flask, Fastapi, and SQLAlchemy. Experience with data analysis libraries like pandas, numpy, polar, etc. Experience with AWS services like ECS, S3 ECR, Secrets Manager, RDS, ELB, API Gateway, Cloudwatch logs, SNS, SQS, SES, and Elastic Cache. Strong knowledge of SQL, comfortable working with MySQL and/or PostgreSQL databases, and writing raw SQL queries. Experience in using ORM frameworks like SQLAlchemy. Experience integrating 3rd party APIs. Strong understanding of OAuth protocol. Experience in docker and docker-compose is a plus. Understanding of microservices pattern and architecture. Experience with REST. Experience with Git, GitFlow, and code review processes. Good understanding of basic UI and UX principles. Must enjoy problem-solving, have excellent communication skills, and be a good team player. Develop Front End Components using VueJS and ReactJS. Familiarity with the pipeline deployment process, and Terraform scripts. Familiarity with Sumologic. Familiarity with Data warehouse tools like Snowflake."
52,53,2023-06-10,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3649694542?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=%2FmMZsE6P4q2tTQwSQngBiw%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description  Data Scientist---- need statistics background  Product Data Scientist/Analyst  Analyzing customer behavior, usage patterns and product performance using advanced statistical techniques. Identifying areas of improvement and making data-driven recommendations to optimize product performance. Collaborating with the product team to ensure data informs product development and decision-making. Continuously monitoring and analyzing product performance to identify new opportunities for improvement. Communicating key metrics and insights to stakeholders through data visualization. Staying up-to-date with the latest analytical tools and techniques.  Skills & Background  Strong analytical skills and experience with statistical analysis and data modeling Experience with data visualization and reporting tools (e.g. Tableau, Looker) Proficiency in programming languages such as R, Python, SQL Experience with data manipulation and cleaning tools such as dplyr, Pandas, Numpy Knowledge on building interactive web applications (web application) using R shiny or Python flask/Falcon. Strong understanding of experimental design and A/B testing Strong problem-solving skills and ability to think creatively Strong communication and presentation skills Experience in a similar role Experience working with large and complex datasets  Location : Pan India"
53,54,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622574491?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=%2BD0Scrpm%2B8AczWZ1aoJhxw%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Role: Data Scientist---- need statistics background  Product Data Scientist/Analyst  Analyzing customer behavior, usage patterns and product performance using advanced statistical techniques. Identifying areas of improvement and making data-driven recommendations to optimize product performance. Collaborating with the product team to ensure data informs product development and decision-making. Continuously monitoring and analyzing product performance to identify new opportunities for improvement. Communicating key metrics and insights to stakeholders through data visualization. Staying up-to-date with the latest analytical tools and techniques.  Skills & Background  Strong analytical skills and experience with statistical analysis and data modeling Experience with data visualization and reporting tools (e.g. Tableau, Looker) Proficiency in programming languages such as R, Python, SQL Experience with data manipulation and cleaning tools such as dplyr, Pandas, Numpy Knowledge on building interactive web applications (web application) using R shiny or Python flask/Falcon. Strong understanding of experimental design and A/B testing Strong problem-solving skills and ability to think creatively Strong communication and presentation skills Experience in a similar role Experience working with large and complex datasets"
54,55,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657433261?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=JIvlFun%2FJJ7xx0N5IVUDyg%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Skills Rate Location # of demands Python Developer should have an experience in Rest API , Data Science.  Developer syntax knowledge in cloud technologies is preferrable 6000-8000 INR/Day Pune 1"
55,56,2023-07-08,PAGO Analytics,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-pago-analytics-3658482616?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=LiVtIXCouwA3ogsZ1rePVA%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Exp: 2-5 years; Job Description Key Responsibilities - Develop robust machine learning models Extract huge volumes of data from multiple internal and external sources. Develop data pipelines and infrastructure to scale and automate the analyses that enable rapid product iteration Maintain teams best research and engineering practice. Work closely with Data Analysts, Software Engineers, and Product Owners to deliver insights and impactful products for Pago Analytics Devise data mining process and architecture Read research papers/articles to create the best model/system architecture available Explore and examine data from a variety of angles to determine hidden weaknesses, trends, and/or opportunities. Employ sophisticated analytics programs, machine learning, and statistical methods to prepare data for use in predictive & prescriptive modeling Keyskills Requirements Minimum Masters degree in data science field, e.g. Math, Stats, Physics, and Computer Science 2-5 years of experience in applying analytical modeling to solve business problems Strong problem-solving skills with a good analytical approach and logical thinking. Proficiency in at least one programming language, i.e. Python, Go, C/C , etc. Good understanding of different AI/ML models/algorithms. Familiarity with at least one Deep Learning framework. NLP, Image Processing knowledge. Good communication skills. A humble team player. Experience with Google Cloud Platform is a plus."
56,57,2023-07-10,Quantium,IND (New) Senior Data Scientist - wiq,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ind-new-senior-data-scientist-wiq-at-quantium-3143302338?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=AtK3MN5KFPH9m1Ib8OH5Rg%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Founded in 2002, Quantium combines the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Based in Hyderabad, Quantium India provides vital support to the global business. The teams in India work alongside global teams to deliver high quality analytics solutions to clients.  Role Summary  The Senior Data Scientist is a technical leadership role with direct accountability for the delivery of multiple projects including the management of the analytics quality on these projects. The Senior Data Scientist works with the Lead Data Scientist on projects to transform client questions and issues into analytical solutions.  Key Responsibilities  Accountable for the analytics quality, analytical leadership of the project team and delivery of key projects Strong ability to perform data exploration / investigation and write / test / recommend efficient code for data transformations Able to explain how analytical outputs are linked to commercial outcomes and perform further investigation and/or suggest remedies where required Plan, direct and do work for a production pipeline. Understand how to create a maintainable and resilient pipeline Transforming client questions and issues into analytical solutions Communicate and translate business needs against analytics solutions or outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences Recommend and suggest future analytics workstreams and improvements in solution design by working closely with the Lead Data Scientist Define acceptance criteria and definitions of ""done"", balancing priorities vs nice-to-haves Task management including overseeing and delegating technical tasks amongst Data Scientists Demonstrate an interest in coaching and people development  Key Activities  Oversee a team of Data Scientists to deliver a range of technical tasks on projects across multiple clients Review and management of analytics quality on key projects Providing estimates of work effort, timeframes and right resources for analytics tasks Create and maintain production pipelines Create and maintain forecasting models in GBM Convert information into meaningful, actionable recommendations for Quantium's clients Day to day external client lead relationship and stakeholder management for key projects within their remit Support the Lead Data Scientist with architecting analytics solutions for key client questions Participation in Analytics Community initiatives, such as Analytics Review for other projects, organisation or facilitation at events, etc.  Skills And Knowledge Required  Strong coding proficiency in either Python or R (required) Experience developing predictive / ML models on structured datasets Able to update model pipelines on GPUs, API calls and production data pipelines Experience coding in SQL advantageous Experience using GBM (XGBoost) advantageous Experience using source code control / versioning tools like Git advantageous Experience using cloud storage and analytics platforms such as GCP, AWS, Azure advantageous Forecasting experience preferred but not required Experience working in Agile framework advantageous Experience using team collaboration tools like Jira and Confluence advantageous Retail experience preferred but not required  Experience And Education Required  4+ years’ experience in a highly technical analytics environment, carrying out data analytics or data science work Experience in supervising the work of others as a senior team member, project manager or team leader Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a related discipline Advanced knowledge of technical analytics discipline, including data preparation, feature engineering and foundational analytics concepts, model development and model training Strong people management skills Experience with successfully managing both internal and external stakeholders, delivering against projects, tasks and activities in a dynamic deadline driven environments Commercial acumen to understand business needs and be able suggest the commercial impacts of different analytics solutions or approaches High attention to detail Drive for continuous improvement  More About Quantium  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential. We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Quantium are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We are a multicultural team of various beliefs, sexual orientations and gender identities. We celebrate our diversity of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status and disability status.  If you submit an application or expression of interest to The Quantium Group Pty Ltd, we may disclose your application or expression of interest on a confidential basis to our related companies, and joint venture companies, including our Parent Group - Woolworths Group Limited. We will only make such disclosures for the purpose of considering your application or expression of interest and opportunities in those organisations.  Click on the links to find out more about how Woolworths Group , and Quantium manage your personal information including how you can access your personal information, make a correction or make a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles."
57,58,2023-06-12,Cambridge Technology (CT),Python Developer,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-cambridge-technology-ct-3634620292?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=dXX%2BNGKU9qOz9TYDz%2BGFnA%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are seeking a skilled Python Programmer to join our team and contribute to the development and maintenance of our software solutions. As a Python Programmer, you will be responsible for writing clean, efficient, and scalable code using Python and related frameworks. You will collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand requirements, develop software modules, and integrate systems.  Skills Required: Minimum of 3+yrs hands-on experience in Python programming and proficiency in Python syntax, data structures, and control flow. Expertise with Python libraries and frameworks such as NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, Matplotlib, Requests, Django, or Flask. Experience with Unit testing using Pytest Understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP) principles and experience in building modular and reusable code. Strong problem-solving skills and ability to break down complex problems into manageable tasks. Familiarity with web development technologies (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) and frameworks. Experience in data manipulation, analysis, and visualization using Python. Knowledge of software development best practices, including version control and testing. Excellent debugging and troubleshooting skills to identify and resolve issues. Strong collaboration and communication skills to work effectively within a team. Experience with scikit-learn is a plus Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field (or equivalent work experience).  Roles & Responsibilities: Develop, test, and maintain Python applications, modules, and libraries. Write clean, efficient, and scalable code using Python and adhere to coding standards. Collaborate with designers, product managers, and other developers to develop and deploy software solutions. Troubleshoot and debug code issues, identify root causes and implement effective solutions. Participate in code reviews to ensure code quality and maintainability. Optimize code and performance to deliver efficient and responsive software. Integrate Python applications with other systems and technologies. Maintain documentation for code, APIs, and processes. Stay updated with emerging Python technologies, libraries, and best practices. Continuously improve coding skills and contribute to the growth of the development team.  Experience: 3-6 Years  Location: Hyderabad"
58,59,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657435124?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=WpZDyag7exLmcTtiCwIyvA%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Skills Python Developer should have an experience in Rest API , Data Science.  Developer syntax knowledge in cloud technologies is preferrable"
59,60,2023-06-10,Mutual Mobile | A Grid Dynamics Company,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-mutual-mobile-a-grid-dynamics-company-3654484314?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=qdqkKNPZWFIdlgbPftgykw%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Mutual Mobile is a world leading agency in mobile and emerging technology innovation and we are looking for an accomplished and capable full stack engineer to join our team!  We have built our success through timely bets on emerging technology and rapid execution of targeted marketing campaigns and skills development. This approach has resulted in a list of premier clients that come to us to build innovative experiences using emerging technology (Nike, Google, GM, Nestle, UnderArmour). We’ve seen this happen with iOS, Android, Wearables and IoT. We continue to evolve - it’s in our DNA - we stay on the forefront of innovation. Now, in 2018, we stand at the foot of a massive transition in emerging technology with the growth of Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Voice, Bots, and more. We are ready to embrace these changes and to help our clients make the most of the opportunities they bring.  They  At Mutual Mobile, Engineers are highly-capable, experienced producers of high-quality, extensible code. They know the ins-and-outs of their field, apply that knowledge to solve the most difficult problems, and pass along that knowledge to the next generation through mentorship.  Improve the structure, quality, and extensibility of code bases  Implement tools and best practices  Create reusable libraries and frameworks  Act as subject matter expert and contribute to the server center of excellence  Accurately estimate level of effort  Discover and evaluate new tools and technology partners  We Expect Engineers To  Be highly-capable experts in at least one technology  Build breadth across multiple tech stacks  Write high-quality, extensible, testable code  Participate in planning activities and provide accurate story estimates  Conduct code reviews and act as a role model on the team  Proactively breakdown work, identify risks, and explore solutions  Engineers Have Experience  Building server applications in Python  Strong knowledge on Flask or Django  Employing strong TDD and performance optimization strategies  Architecting and deploying applications for AWS and other cloud providers  Provisioning Devops tooling and continuous integration  Designing APIs consumed by many mobile or web applications  Using relational and document-store databases  Building high-performance, scalable cloud applications  Shipping fault-tolerant, highly-available systems in production  Good knowledge on basic authentication, authorization and security technologies.  Preferred Experience Includes  Building server applications using several different open-source stacks  Using BaaS providers like Firebase or Heroku  Familiarity with modern front-end development such as React or Angular  Using containerization systems like Docker or Kubernetes  Integrating third-party systems: CRM, CMS, shopping carts, and payments  Broad architectural knowledge and experience: serverless, microservices, traditional server-based (monolithic) services  System monitoring and security design and implementation  Why work for Mutual Mobile? We make great products. We craft beautiful mobile interfaces and solve complex software challenges. Clients such as HEB, Google, lynda.com, Citi, Nike, and Under Armour come to us for our deep experience in mobile and emerging technology — from establishing a mobile strategy that provides impactful business value, to building those solutions from the ground up. We bring together the brightest minds in interactive & visual design, engineering, and business management to deliver solutions that actually matter.  You’ll love working here, because this isn’t a company of silos. Team members are empowered and encouraged to pursue cool ideas, think for themselves, and make mistakes. If your passion extends beyond the role, we’ll invite your views and assistance with improving our culture, systems and processes. We know you’re smart, and that you love learning new technologies--so you’ll be able to work on a variety of projects with many different types of people. Skills:- Python, Django, Flask, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Javascript, React.js, Angular (2+) and AngularJS (1.x)"
60,61,2023-06-16,OPULENTUS - THE VISA COMPANY,Python Developer,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-opulentus-the-visa-company-3660807670?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=tb2cmvLSaqRSAJIuff8yGw%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are looking for a Python Developer to join our engineering team and help us develop and maintain various software products.  Python Developer responsibilities include writing and testing code, debugging programs and integrating applications with third-party web services. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using server-side logic and work well in a team.  Ultimately, youll build highly responsive web applications that align with our business needs.  Write effective, scalable code Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance Integrate user-facing elements into applications Test and debug programs Improve functionality of existing systems Implement security and data protection solutions Assess and prioritize feature requests Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions Write effective, scalable code Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance Integrate user-facing elements into applications Test and debug programs Improve functionality of existing systems Implement security and data protection solutions Assess and prioritize feature requests Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions Work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid) Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM) Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5) Team spirit Good problem-solving skills BSc in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field Work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid) Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM) Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5) Team spirit Good problem-solving skills BSc in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field"
61,62,2023-06-15,Databuzzltd,DATA SCIENTIST *GLOBAL CRICKET SECTOR*,Mid-Senior level,Greater Hyderabad Area,https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-global-cricket-sector-at-databuzzltd-3637383938?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=HvcJnQeofcssSFrmZE3E6Q%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About Client-  A data-driven advisory and consulting practice focused on the global sports sector CRICKET, RUGBY, SOCCER  Qualifications  Minimum 3+ yrs of experience as Data Scientist Strong Python Programming Skills Good experience with ML, AWS Cloud & Github Flow, Statistical Analysis, Business Analysis Highly preferred to have - Kedro Data profiling, cleaning and aggregating Good at Setting up project repositories, making use of Kedro, Github and AWS Assisting with the development of new models and analytical tools  Requirements  PREFERRED Exposure: That makes the job more Intresting  Cricket passionate & knowledge across 3 formats in men’s & women’s games Write flawless code, Build, validate & monitor ML models Ability to translate real-world cricket problems into solvable analytic representations,  present the outputs to non-technical clients & stakeholders"
62,63,2023-07-04,PepsiCo,Manager - Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Peerancheru, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/manager-data-scientist-at-pepsico-3654922849?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=bBpiCWpuxeWmQx9tfzl2pA%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Overview  This role is with the Global business services arm of Media Center of Excellence (CoE) at PepsiCo.  In this role, you will play a key role in shaping the future of media measurement strategy for PepsiCo, esp. with focus on building an understanding role of media as key Growth Driver thru ROI and related analytics. You will be a trusted advisor to marketing and Insights leaders across key markets for PepsiCo’s portfolio globally - enabling a range of internal and external stakeholders to leverage media mix as competitive advantage, leveraging measurement, insights, as well as process & technology. You will be responsible for providing thought leadership and advice to set a vision for driving PepsiCo media and content effectiveness thru data-driven strategy. You will also play a key role in developing cross-portfolio, cross-markets media investment optimizations capability, driving the vision through a set of focused, tangible and results-oriented activities. You will work with the Marketing and Insights leadership team globally and within AMESA sector to identify best practices in the industry and across all PepsiCo’s brands, providing support to codify and scale best in-class methods that inspire continuous improvement in marketing effectiveness and ROIs.  You will be expected to demonstrate hands-on expertise in building and application of mix models, attribution analytics, performance measurements through application of Data science and advanced analytics  Responsibilities  Functional Responsibilities  Build & codify media performance measurement strategies: Collaborate with internal/external stakeholders to create capabilities, tools and processes to drive best in-class efficiency, effectiveness & sufficiency Develop best-practices among all brands and scale lifting and shifting learnings across countries and categories. Enable global and brand teams to leverage tools, capabilities and processes to further media objectives  Maintenance of existing marketing mix models  Periodic refresh of existing models across markets and brands Periodic model validation to check need for rebuild Guiding business with periodic updates  Building new marketing mix models  Building new marketing mix models for existing or new markets Building any other form of new measurement asset to answer business questions Formulate hypotheses, plan and execute statistical models for measurements/ROI analyses, share results with key leaders as well as drive meta-learnings Ensuring Statistical robustness of the models and model reads Ensure timely build and refresh of the models so that it can help in timely business decisions Actively test data science concepts, and technologies that can be scaled across portfolio Partner with PepsiCo functional teams, agencies and third parties to ensure acquiring, tagging, cataloging and managing all media, Nielsen and internal data periodically in structured format as needed for measurement statistical models Create reusable modeling assets(codes, techniques, functions) to cut short refresh and model build time Engage in R&D to try new modeling techniques to ensure faster and better answers to business problems  Qualifications  Skills/ Experience:  6-7 years of hands-on data science, model building Experience either in boutique analytics consulting or Captive analytics teams Hands-on modeler/data scientist Experience in translating business problem into analytics framework and vice versa Well versed in statistical techniques Educational Background- BE/B TECH/ MSC Economics or Statistics"
63,64,2023-07-05,Braintrust,Machine Learning Engineer (Large Language Model) - Freelance [Remote],Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-large-language-model-freelance-remote-at-braintrust-3656425082?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=56eyylTvysbvqkOAFE3m9g%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"ABOUT US:  Braintrust is a user-owned talent network that connects you with great jobs with no fees or membership costs—so you keep 100% of what you earn.  ABOUT THE HIRING PROCESS:  When you join Braintrust, you will be invited to a screening process for Braintrust to learn more about your previous work experiences. Once completed, you will have access to the employer for this role and other top companies that seek high-quality talent. Apply to this job to kick off the process. JOB TYPE: Freelance, Contract Position (no agencies/C2C - see notes below) LOCATION: Remote - India (TimeZone: PST/CIST | Partial overlap) HOURLY RANGE: Our client is looking to pay $35 – $50/hr ESTIMATED DURATION: 40h/week - Long term BRAINTRUST JOB ID: 6867  THE OPPORTUNITY  Requirements B.S. degree or equivalent in Computer Science, Mathematics, or a similar field of study. Professional experience as a full-time machine learning engineer. 5+ years of experience building ML products 2+ years of experience using Large Language Models in production Strong proficiency in software development and system design Fluent in Python Understanding and use of common Python data science libraries such as PyTorch, HuggingFace, Pandas, NumPy and scikit-learn, Experienced with the lifecycle of model training, evaluation, and deployment Experienced with using SQL and modern data warehouses such as Snowflake Experienced building APIs in Python, particularly in FastAPI or Flask. Experienced with using Pytest, Docker, and sqlalchemy Experienced with MLOps platforms such as KubeFlow or MLFlow. A self-starter, with the interest and passion to contribute in a fast-paced startup environment.  What You’ll Be Working On  Our client is a well-funded and highly disruptive SaaS platform company that enables innovative companies like Salesforce, Nutanix, HPE Aruba Networks, Qlik, and Databricks to transform their Voice of the Customer (VoC) programs and harness true customer sentiment signals in real-time to proactively improve customer relationships, products, and operations while decreasing churn and top-line revenue leakage. They hire big-picture thinkers who can simultaneously roll up their sleeves and deliver with measurable impact. They dream in years, plan in months, and execute in days. Their culture is honest, fast-paced, collaborative, and very down-to-earth.  The mission of the Machine Learning (ML) team is to create and leverage cutting-edge ML models, especially Large Language Models (LLMs) that can extract new signals from unstructured data and make insightful, actionable predictions for customers.  They are responsible for: Maximizing the value of the company to their customers by advancing the frontier of ML performance and Intellectual Property (IP). Ensuring ML models deliver consistent, predictable, and improving performance in production environments by working with backend engineering. Extracting maximum utility from their predictions for end users and customers by collaborating with product design, UI, and customer-facing teams.  They seek a Machine Learning Engineer interested in improving any and all aspects of ML organization efficiency, with the ultimate goal of increasing customer confidence in their ML predictions and their ability to train new ML models or roll out new ML products quickly and efficiently. Our client’s machine learning products are their core value proposition for their customers, so ML efficiency has a direct connection to their value to customers and as a company.  You will be working in a fast-moving and growing company; applicants should be self-starting and comfortable learning and using new technologies, systems, and processes.  The work you’ll do: Ship - Increase the velocity of ML model deployment into production through automation of model management, deployment, and rollout processes. Validate - Increase confidence in model rollouts by enriching and automating model validation prior to and immediately after deployment. Measure - Provide insight into the accuracy and relevance of ML model predictions in production by measuring and monitoring model input and output data distributions, as well as user engagement/feedback on predictions. Automate - Incorporate user feedback/activity into new ML model training by automation of data collection, model retraining, model measurement, etc., towards a goal of continuous automated model retraining. Build - Provide internal tools or incorporate commercial tools (e.g., Kubeflow) into data scientist workflows for data analysis, feature generation, model development, etc., to boost ML team productivity. Collaborate - Bridge the gap between ML research and production-grade backend code by working with other engineering teams to integrate new ML models or APIs into production.  Apply Now!  C2C Candidates: This role is not available to C2C candidates working with an agency. If you are a professional contractor who has created an LLC/corp around their consulting practice, this is well aligned with Braintrust and we’d welcome your application.  Braintrust values the multitude of talents and perspectives that a diverse workforce brings. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status."
64,65,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622576742?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=gJ0DZrTljwOV5ew23mbhrA%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Minimum qualification is full time MCA/M. Tech/B. Tech/B. E  Should have good Analytical, Problem solving and debugging skills. Minimum 3 years of experience in Python, Java, Rest Services. Experience on MS Azure"
65,66,2023-06-06,Indix,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-indix-3627627203?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=CR7Z6Swb91Xu%2Fk1nFItONA%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Software Engineer – ML at Indix provides an opportunity to design and build systems that crunch large amounts of data everyday  What We’re Looking For-  3+ years of experience  Ability to propose hypothesis and design experiments in the context of specific problems.  Should come from a strong engineering background  Good overlap with Indix Data tech stack such as Hadoop, MapReduce, HDFS, Spark, Scalding, Scala/Python/C++  Dedication and diligence in understanding the application domain, collecting/cleaning data and conducting experiments.  Creativity in model and algorithm development.  An obsession to develop algorithms/models that directly impact business.  Master’s/Phd. in Computer Science/Statistics is a plus  Job Expectations  Experience working in text mining and python libraries like scikit-learn, numpy, etc  Collect relevant data from production systems/Use crawling and parsing infrastructure to put together data sets.  Survey academic literature and identify potential approaches for exploration.  Craft, conduct and analyze experiments to evaluate models/algorithms.  Communicate findings and take algorithms/models to production with end to end ownership. Skills:- Data Science, Python, Algorithms, Data Structures, Spark, Scikit-Learn, Deep Learning and Natural Language Toolkit (NLTK)"
66,67,2023-05-11,Rapid Consulting Services,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-rapid-consulting-services-3623203849?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=LDu%2F3alK%2B%2FZyQ0MLlxHZcg%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Responsibilities  Writing effective, scalable code.  Developing back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance  Integrating user-facing elements into applications.  Integrate user-facing elements into applications.  Test and debug programs.  Improve functionality of existing systems.  Implement security and data protection solutions.  Assess and prioritize feature requests.  Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions.  Requirements And Skills  Work experience as a Python Developer  Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)  Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM)  Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5)  Must have Knowledge on FastAPI and PostgreSQL.  Team spirit  Good problem-solving skills"
67,,2023-07-08,QUISCON BIOTECH,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-quiscon-biotech-3657525683?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=3P7FFS2NY4hZ1Cc6oA8m7A%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are looking for a Data Scientist to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights.  In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research.  Responsibilities  Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms Combine models through ensemble modeling Present information using data visualization techniques Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges Collaborate with engineering and product development teams  Requirements And Skills  Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst Experience in data mining Understanding of machine-learning and operations research Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) Analytical mind and business acumen Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra) Problem-solving aptitude Excellent communication and presentation skills  Interested can contact Quiscon biotech HR - 8015383364  This job is provided by Shine.com"
68,69,2023-07-12,Deloitte,Lead Data Scientist,Not Applicable,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-data-scientist-at-deloitte-3661633265?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=YnE%2BHiNKLxm4etg7wkMQug%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Position Summary  Role- Lead Data Scientist  Forensic Analytics is a fast-growth practice within Deloitte Risk and Financial Advisory that centers around several of the hottest areas of business today – analytics, forensic analysis, and litigation support – and the specialized skills that make careers in these areas both fascinating and in high-demand. Our Analytics team makes extensive use of data, statistical and quantitative analysis, rules-based methods, and explanatory and predictive modeling to bring insights to client issues in the forensic and transaction domains. We work with specialists in many areas, and we apply our solutions to a wide range of highly interesting and complex corporate challenges, such as forensic investigations, sales fraud, anti-corruption compliance, restructuring, safety and quality, enterprise fraud and misuse management to explain what has occurred in the past and to support informed decision making for the future. Our work increasingly employs specialized competencies, such as advanced analytics, visualization, and geospatial techniques  Work you’ll do  The Deloitte Managed Services & Products practice launched a new service in the forensics space to detect fraud, waste, and abuse in various industries. The Anti-Fraud Waste and Abuse solution (""AFES"") continues to increase the capacity, quality, and efficiency of the Deloitte forensic processing by utilizing state-of-the-art technology and machine learning in a dedicated environment. We have an urgent need for a Lead Data Scientist/Senior Consultant to join the Deloitte Analytic & Forensic Technology practice. Here are just some to the things you will be doing: Translate client needs into robust end to end analytical solutions. Design and implement production data pipelines using distributed computing and cloud technologies Research and develop predictive models to identify and target fraud, waste, and abuse. Build features into our application to allow for actionable insights from predictive model outputs. Think creatively about how the latest advancements in machine learning can be implemented to help our clients uncover fraud, waste, and abuse. Review deliverables for accuracy and quality Provide coaching to junior staff Manage own personal and professional development; seek opportunities for professional growth and expansion of consulting skills and experience The team  As a member of the AFES Data Science team in a Lead Data Scientist/Senior Consultant role, you will be a technical lead on a team that is committed to delivering advanced analytics and machine learning solutions to large healthcare clients. On a day to day basis, you will be helping research and develop cutting edge machine learning models and analytical solutions to identify fraud, waste, and abuse. As part of these projects, you’ll be provided the opportunity to demonstrate your technical, project management and leadership skills in an environment that provides for outstanding growth and advancement.  Qualifications  Minimum Qualifications: Bachelor’s Degree in Economics, Finance, Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, Engineering, Business Analytics disciplines, or related area 3+ years of experience working in a Data Science role. Proficient in Python, Spark(Pyspark), Kubeflow and SQL- Cloud exp Comfortable operating in a Linux environment. Familiarity with Big Data tools and frameworks such as Hadoop and Hive. Experience researching and developing machine learning models in a corporate setting Knowledgeable about use cases for supervised and unsupervised methods. Maintains a reasonable theoretical understanding of machine learning methods including, but not limited to, tree based methods(decision trees, random forest, gradient boosted trees), regression, clustering techniques, deep learning and neural networks. Experience optimizing and integrating models into production environments. Exposure to software design patterns (e.g. understand object oriented vs functional programming principals, inheritance, writing abstract, reusable, and modular code) Experience working in a cloud environment, preferably AWS. Familiarity with microservices oriented application development leveraging Docker Demonstrated problem solving and troubleshooting skills with experience exercising mature judgment Preferred Qualifications Experience with at least one deep learning framework(e.g. Tensorflow, PyTorch, Caffe, MxNET) Experience working in an AGILE development team. #CA-VT  Recruiting tips  From developing a stand out resume to putting your best foot forward in the interview, we want you to feel prepared and confident as you explore opportunities at Deloitte. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte recruiters.  Benefits  At Deloitte, we know that great people make a great organization. We value our people and offer employees a broad range of benefits. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.  Our people and culture  Our diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture empowers our people to be who they are, contribute their unique perspectives, and make a difference individually and collectively. It enables us to leverage different ideas and perspectives, and bring more creativity and innovation to help solve our client most complex challenges. This makes Deloitte one of the most rewarding places to work. Learn more about our inclusive culture.  Our purpose  Deloitte’s purpose is to make an impact that matters for our clients, our people, and in our communities. We are creating trust and confidence in a more equitable society. At Deloitte, purpose is synonymous with how we work every day. It defines who we are. We are focusing our collective efforts to advance sustainability, equity, and trust that come to life through our core commitments. Learn more about Deloitte's purpose, commitments, and impact.  Professional development  From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to build new skills, take on leadership opportunities and connect and grow through mentorship. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.  Requisition code: 151590"
69,70,2023-06-06,FlexAbility by AMS,Machine Learning Engineer,Director,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/machine-learning-engineer-at-flexability-by-ams-3627623253?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=wPammiJvxxYeX5rC5KtzRg%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Required Skill Around 6- 8.5 years of experience and around 4+ years in AI / Machine learning space Extensive experience in designing large scale machine learning solution for the ML use case, large scale deployments and establishing continues automated improvement / retraining framework. Strong experience in Python and Java is required. Hands on experience on Scikit-learn, Pandas, NLTK Experience in Handling of Timeseries data and associated techniques like Prophet, LSTM Experience in Regression, Clustering, classification algorithms Extensive experience in buildings traditional Machine Learning SVM, XGBoost, Decision tree and Deep Neural Network models like RNN, Feedforward is required. Experience in AutoML like TPOT or other Must have strong hands on experience in Deep learning frameworks like Keras, TensorFlow or PyTorch Knowledge of Capsule Network or reinforcement learning, SageMaker is a desirable skill Understanding of Financial domain is desirable skill Responsibilities Design and implementation of solutions for ML Use cases Productionize System and Maintain those Lead and implement data acquisition process for ML work Learn new methods and model quickly and utilize those in solving use cases Skills:- Machine Learning (ML), Artificial Intelligence (AI), Deep Learning, Java and Python"
70,71,2023-07-12,Artmac,Angular Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/angular-developer-at-artmac-3661497313?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=MiD0bu1aJ6W70CuvjkNy3Q%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Who We Are  Artmac Soft is a technology consulting and service-orientated IT Sales company dedicated to providing innovative technology solutions and services to the Customers.  Job Description  Job Title :Angular Developer Experience :1 to 6 years Location :Hyderabad,TS  Our company is looking for an Angular Developer with the technical skills necessary to create user interfaces using JavaScript and the Angular framework.  Responsibilities  Utilizing the methodologies for angularJS while designing and creating user interfaces. Modifying the user interface using the most recent front-end technology for trendy internet applications. HTML, CSS, and JavaScript coding. Task development for product analysis. For AngularJS projects, making difficult technical and design decisions. Using AngularJS, Java Technologies, and Rest Web Services to create application code and unit tests. Consulting the design group. Providing support and ensuring that apps run efficiently. Proficient in building code that is cross-browser compatible and in CSS and HTML. Knowledge of JavaScript development tools like Grunt or Gulp. Understanding of MV-VM/MVC JavaScript frameworks, especially AngularJS. A track record of creating JavaScript apps on both the front and back ends.  Qualification  Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience"
71,72,2023-07-10,Quantium,Senior Data Scientist - INDIA,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-data-scientist-india-at-quantium-3487591931?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=gKc%2FL%2BE%2B6fPmJlx7YJnNfA%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"For over 20 years Quantium have combined the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Based in Hyderabad, Quantium India provides vital support to the global business. The teams in India work alongside global teams to deliver high quality analytics solutions to clients.  Role Summary  The Senior Data Scientist has direct accountability for the delivery of multiple projects across our Global Markets including the management of the analytics quality on these projects. The Senior Data Scientist works with the Lead Data Scientist on projects to transform client questions and issues into analytical solutions.  Key Responsibilities  Accountable for the analytics quality, analytical leadership of the project team and delivery of key projects Transforming client questions and issues into analytical solutions Task management including overseeing and delegating technical tasks amongst analysts Demonstrate an interest in coaching and people development Support the Lead Data Scientist with solution design  Key activities  Oversee a team of Data Scientist to deliver a range of technical tasks on projects across multiple clients Review and management of analytics quality on key projects Providing estimates of work effort, timeframes and right resources for analytics tasks Convert information into meaningful, actionable recommendations for Quantium's clients Day to day external client lead relationship and stakeholder management for key projects within their remit Support the Lead Analyst with architecting analytics solutions for key client questions Participation in Analytics Community initiatives, such as Analytics Review for other projects, organisation or facilitation at events, etc.  Experience And Education Required  5+ years’ experience in a highly technical analytics environment, carrying out data analytics or data science work Experience in supervising the work of others as a senior team member. Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a related discipline Advanced knowledge of technical analytics discipline, including data preparation, feature engineering and foundational analytics concepts, model development and model training Coding and modelling experience in SQL / R / Python and / or Big data / Cloud platforms Experience with successfully managing both internal and external stakeholders, delivering against projects, tasks and activities in a dynamic deadline driven environments Commercial acumen to understand business needs and be able suggest the commercial impacts of different analytics solutions or approaches High attention to detail Drive for continuous improvement  More About Quantium  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential. We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Quantium are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We are a multicultural team of various beliefs, sexual orientations and gender identities. We celebrate our diversity of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status and disability status.  If you submit an application or expression of interest to The Quantium Group Pty Ltd, we may disclose your application or expression of interest on a confidential basis to our related companies, and joint venture companies, including our Parent Group - Woolworths Group Limited. We will only make such disclosures for the purpose of considering your application or expression of interest and opportunities in those organisations.  Click on the links to find out more about how Woolworths Group , and Quantium manage your personal information including how you can access your personal information, make a correction or make a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles."
72,73,2023-06-16,Goldsikka Limited,Python Developer,Executive,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-goldsikka-limited-3660807022?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=gjcI2WWQM5hwGNEqpZeszA%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are looking for a Python Developer to join our engineering team and help us develop and maintain various software products.  Python Developer responsibilities include writing and testing code, debugging programs and integrating applications with third-party web services. To be successful in this role, you should have experience using server-side logic and work well in a team.  Ultimately, youll build highly responsive web applications that align with our business needs.  Responsibilities  Write effective, scalable code Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance Integrate user-facing elements into applications Test and debug programs Improve functionality of existing systems Implement security and data protection solutions Assess and prioritize feature requests Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions  Requirements And Skills  Work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid) Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM) Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5) Team spirit Good problem-solving skills BSc in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field"
73,74,2023-06-11,Peopletech,Apply for Machine Learning Engineer - Artificial Intelligence/Tensorflow,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/apply-for-machine-learning-engineer-artificial-intelligence-tensorflow-at-peopletech-3655505001?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=OL1biIiZlXSMt%2Bh8JP7cFA%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description  We are looking for an expert in machine learning to help us extract value from our data. You will lead all the processes from data collection, cleaning, and preprocessing, to training models and deploying them to production.  The ideal candidate will be passionate about artificial intelligence and stay up-to-date with the latest developments in the field.  Responsibilities  Understanding business objectives and developing models that help to achieve them, along with metrics to track their progress Managing available resources such as hardware, data, and personnel so that deadlines are met Analyzing the ML algorithms that could be used to solve a given problem and ranking them by their success probability Exploring and visualizing data to gain an understanding of it, then identifying differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying the model in the real world Verifying data quality, and/or ensuring it via data cleaning Supervising the data acquisition process if more data is needed Finding available datasets online that could be used for training Defining validation strategies Defining the preprocessing or feature engineering to be done on a given dataset Defining data augmentation pipelines Training models and tuning their hyperparameters Analyzing the errors of the model and designing strategies to overcome them Deploying models to production  Skills  Proficiency with a deep learning framework such as TensorFlow or Keras Proficiency with Python and basic libraries for machine learning such as scikit-learn and pandas Expertise in visualizing and manipulating big datasets Proficiency with OpenCV Familiarity with Linux Ability to select hardware to run an ML model with the required latency  ,  This job is provided by Shine.com"
74,75,2023-06-06,Qrata,Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-qrata-3627616144?refId=5ep%2Bek5y9tli1IdeNiLW3A%3D%3D&trackingId=IcbFAa1RIppWHIhLyYHlgg%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=2&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Requirements: Skills   A Bachelor’s degree in data science, statistics, computer science, or a similar field   2+ years industry experience working in a data science role, such as statistics, machine learning,  deep learning, quantitative financial analysis, data engineering or natural language processing   Domain experience in Financial Services (banking, insurance, risk, funds) is preferred   Have and experience and be involved in producing and rapidly delivering minimum viable products,  results focused with ability to prioritize the most impactful deliverables   Strong Applied Statistics capabilities. Including excellent understanding of Machine Learning  techniques and algorithms   Hands on experience preferable in implementing scalable Machine Learning solutions using Python /  Scala / Java on Azure, AWS or Google cloud platform   Experience with storage frameworks like Hadoop, Spark, Kafka etc   Experience in building &deploying unsupervised, semi-supervised, and supervised models and be  knowledgeable in various ML algorithms such as regression models, Tree-based algorithms,  ensemble learning techniques, distance-based ML algorithms etc   Ability to track down complex data quality and data integration issues, evaluate different algorithmic  approaches, and analyse data to solve problems.   Experience in implementing parallel processing and in-memory frameworks such as H2O.ai Skills:- Data Science, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Machine Learning (ML) and Deep Learning"
75,76,2023-05-02,Global Talent Exchange,ML/NLP Engineer - Return India,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ml-nlp-engineer-return-india-at-global-talent-exchange-3617897986?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=tbbNg1lmm4ssMuO0uJW4Fw%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Your motherland is calling you home!  India's technology industry has seen an exponential rise to reach a whopping $227 Billion in revenue this year and is now the third-largest startup ecosystem in the world. The country is making major progress in driving transformation at lightning speed. These initiatives have given rise to a plethora of opportunities and organizations are seeking only the very best professionals to spearhead the revolution that is underway.  You could be the Game Changer your country needs.  Apply now!  Job Description  Job responsibilities Define appropriate datasets for training the model and evaluating test results Define validation strategies, and deploy data models Train data models and fine-tune their hyperparameters Perform statistical analysis, and refine models Extend and maintain ML libraries and frameworks Minimum Requirements Bachelor's/Master's degree in computer science (or equivalent experience) 3+ years of experience as an ML/NLP engineer (rare exceptions for skilled devs) Experience in text representation techniques, statistics, classification algos Proficiency in programming languages such as Python, Java, etc. Experience with ML frameworks (Keras or PyTorch) & libraries (Scikit-learn, NLTK) Fluency in the English language to collaborate with engineering managers Preferred Skills Knowledge of source control systems (Git, merging, branching) Ability to handle large unstructured data sets and perform data analysis Experience in Unix/Linux including basic commands and scripting Experience working with machine learning frameworks and libraries Familiarity with Big Data frameworks such as Spark, Hadoop, etc. Experience with clustering, syntactic parsing, semantic parsing Working knowledge of CI/CD pipelines"
76,77,2023-06-12,PublicVibe,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-publicvibe-3656595941?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=DhEJaAw7geEl0sb5IEXl%2BA%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Hi Candidates,  Greetings From Publicvibe !!!  We are Hiring NLP Engineers/ Data scientists in between 0.6 to 2.5 Years of Experience for our Hyderabad location, if anyone looking out for opportunities or Job change, reach out to us.  Regards,  Dhaneesha Dominic. Skills:- Data Science, Python, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Scala, Java, Hadoop, Spark and kafka"
77,78,2023-06-05,SKILLETY,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-skillety-3626314978?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=eYKKfBA5gcQHIl1cZtYO%2BA%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Support development of algorithms that detect and interpret changes in system behavior and predict timing of future maintenance needs. Apply statical-based and data driven methods to optimize algorithm performance Develop tools to automate cleaning, manipulation, and analysis of large data sets using languages such as Python, SQL, DataLake (Hive). Support development of state of the art analytics tools & methodologies to enable expansion of health monitoring capability across PWC business segments. Support root cause analysis of in-service issues and incorporate lessons learned into improved design standards. Proficiency in manipulating and analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional data sets Naturally inquisitive and skilled in exploratory data analysis, formulating and testing hypotheses. Results-oriented and motivated to provide solutions with measurable benefit to our customer and business. Experience with text mining tools (NLP - Natural Language Processiong) and techniques including in areas of summarization, search (e.g. ELK Stack), entity extraction, training set generation (e.g. Snorkel) and anomaly detection. Ability to communicate with clarity and precision. Use Data Analysis Metrics to indicate the Quality Health of an Engineering Development Project Use Data visualization to determine and present metrics is clear, concise dashboards for all levels of management to understand the meaning and make data-driven decisions Learn and understand data sources (SQL, Hive, Share point). Create AI/ML prototypes for use cases requiring identifying entity/objects, determining object association, object disambiguation, anomaly detection, state estimations, etc. Develop and maintain data models (both physical and logical) Perform extraction, transform, and load (ETL) tasks related to the different modalities and algorithms being applied. This data ETL includes identifying the data’s relevant metadata to ensure consistency, quality, accuracy, integrity, and information assurance and security. Conduct anomaly detection using various AI/ML techniques Use algorithms to identify complex patterns across multiple departments. Increase the efficiency and quality data alignment and fusion. Enhance and maintain analysis tools, including automation of current processes using AI/ML algorithms. Configure and program prototypes Jupyter notebooks with ML solutions. Setup and use AWS instances to train and operate AI/ML models Experience with Deep Learning Frameworks such as Keras, Tensorflow, PyTorch, etc. Ability to apply these frameworks to real problems in the ‘time -series’ domain Practical experience with statistical analysis and Survival probabilities. Expert software development skills lifecycle including developing and maintaining good production quality code Hands-on Software Development Skills (Python-Preferred) Experience or educational courses/projects in Machine Learning, and/or Text Visualizations/Web Development Skills (Power BI, D3, etc) are must. Experience in .Net is added advantage to automate Excel VBA. Experience with the following will be highly desirable; Python, Power BI, Jupyter Notebooks, Hadoop/Hive, SQL, SAS Viya. Hands-on experience with prototype development Hands-on experience with automating data cleansing, formatting, staging, and transforming using Power BI. Hands-on experience with intelligent systems and machine learning. Experience with interpretability of deep learning models Big Data Skills (Hadoop or Spark)"
78,79,2023-07-11,Hubbell Incorporated,Python/Spark Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-spark-developer-at-hubbell-incorporated-3656399996?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=S4Zb%2BOhW6aMN%2B2GYa7Cpmw%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Position: Software Engineer Job Location: Hyderabad, India Aclara (A Hubbell Company), a leading technology company in the utility sector, is looking for top-notch Software Engineers for its Fault Detection & Localization product. The FD&L SaaS solution automatically displays outages, identifies fault locations, and verifies restorations in record time. Our technology stack includes Python, SCALA, Spark, Java, .NET technologies, SQL Server database, COSMOS DB, WCF Services, Web API, Cloud based Platform services, Cloud Data storage, scalable systems, etc. The staff Software Developer is responsible for innovative software design and development that meet documented business requirements. Performs at the highest technical level of all phases of software development activities. Works at direction of manager, team lead, or project manager to ensure that assignments align with business priorities. Job Responsibilities: · Modify and enhance existing applications in support of ongoing operational needs. Work with other engineers, managers, product management team, QA, and Operations teams to develop innovative web and mobile based solutions that meet market needs. · Design, build and maintain efficient, reusable, and reliable code. · Translate application storyboards and use cases into functional applications. · Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications. · Write unit test code, maintain code quality, and produce defect free software. · Prepare functional and design specification documents. · Lead application and database development for performance improvement and scalability Work closely with QA and Product Management to resolve product issues in all parts of our software applications. Support our customers by proactively resolving reported issues. · Assesses application software releases and documentation to optimize upgrades, enhancements, and changes to applications with consideration for interfaces and architecture. · Designs, develops, tests, and implements software programs, interfaces, reports, and controls in accordance with best practices and the system development life cycle. · Responsible for quality assurance of software applications. Qualifications: · Bachelor’s degree in computer engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, or equivalent · Must have 4-6 years of experience in Python development (Full Stack development) · Knowledge of Spark development is a must. · Experience with Azure cloud technologies is a plus. · Experience in SQL server, Web API and Messaging queues is essential. · Experience in SCALA programming is a good to have skill. · As a Python developer, you should understand Bigdata and experience data stores like SQL/NoSQL databases, data warehouse or cloud object storage. You should be able to select, integrate any Bigdata tools and frameworks required to provide requested capabilities. · Hands-on experience on tools like Kubernetes, Kafka, Docker is an added advantage. · Should have Data Engineering skills for Analytics e.g., datastores, analytics platform, data processing pipeline etc. · Strong analytical skills · Familiarity with daily scrums and comfortable working closely with leads, scrum master and product owners to provide timely status updates."
79,80,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657432314?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=WP8RDGyv5Ict4DKfntj1bw%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location - Bangalore  Experience 6-8 years  JD As Below  Strong proficiency in Python programming language Knowledge of at least one Python web framework (e.g. Django, Flask) Understanding of design principles for scalable applications Strong debugging and unit testing skills Familiarity with front-end technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, and CSS Experience with code versioning tools (e.g. Git) Understanding of server-side templating languages Knowledge of user authentication and authorization Familiarity with event-driven programming in Python Experience with data storage solutions and performance tuning."
80,81,2023-06-10,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3649692893?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=R8T%2FnwffiAEBvRUvE4TSqA%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Key Responsibilities : M.S in Computer Science (preferred). Building and owning large scale machine learning models Processing large datasets (predominantly text, but also images) and working with big data technologies, languages, and frameworks: SCOPE, Spark, SQL, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Python, C#, Java Designing experiments, setting up evaluations, and producing trustworthy conclusions. 3+ years of experience in one or more of Client/Deep Learning, NLP, IR, databases, and graph algorithms. 1+ years of experience in parallel or distributed CPU/GPU processing, high performance computing, or stream computing. Experience in deploying Machine Learning/ Deep Learning models in Azure/AWS/GCP. Experience with Web applications and service architecture; Web information extraction is a plus. Strong desire to keep up to date with research and potential applications. Vision for how to advance the state of the art. Successful candidates care about good software engineering practices, including version control, modular design, code quality, testing, and Documentation.  Experience required: 8-12 years"
81,82,2023-06-10,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3649691916?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=3QlxsXm9GdKJS4kzsWXvDQ%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Pls urgently share profile on below 4 Chennai location requirements and share immediate or early joiner.  Budget for all requirements will be 25-32 LPA and location is Chennai only as this is a hybrid working model.  Data Scientist 8-10 years M.S in Computer Science (preferred). Building and owning large scale machine learning models Processing large datasets (predominantly text, but also images) and working with big data technologies, languages, and frameworks: SCOPE, Spark, SQL, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Python, C#, Java Designing experiments, setting up evaluations, and producing trustworthy conclusions. 3+ years of experience in one or more of Client/Deep Learning, NLP, IR, databases, and graph algorithms. 1+ years of experience in parallel or distributed CPU/GPU processing, high performance computing, or stream computing. Experience in deploying Machine Learning/ Deep Learning models in Azure/AWS/GCP. Experience with Web applications and service architecture; Web information extraction is a plus. Strong desire to keep up to date with research and potential applications. Vision for how to advance the state of the art. Successful candidates care about good software engineering practices, including version control, modular design, code quality, testing, and Documentation."
82,83,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622576334?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=S2WPE1X3Q%2FxXU18xGnb%2BZg%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Posting ID : TechM87455  4 Positions: of Senior data Scientist ( 8 to 11 years)  5 Positions : Of Data Scientist ( 3 to 7 years )  1 Position : of Lead ( 10 to 14 + years)  JD as below for all above positions only exp range differs based on roles:  Mandatory Skills  Excellent Knowledge on Python, Pyspark, SparkML, Strong Analyticak Skills (Stats & Adv Stats), SQL, HIVE, AWS E3, AWS S3, AWS EC2 , Visualisation skills Excellent knowledge on Deep Learning NLP Models. (Libraries : Pytorch, Tensorflow , keras etc). Experience on training and inferencing models on GPU.  Secondary Skills  MLOPS, Kubeflow, Mlflow"
83,84,2023-06-02,Chubb,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-chubb-3648721814?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=Z5lfQVcluDCAuYNswe4rKQ%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Requirements  Experience Level: 3 - 7 Yrs  We are looking for a Python developer who has working experience in PySpark , Databricks and has Experience on SQL, ETL Development  primary skill set keywords: Python, Pyspark, Databricks  Secondary : SQL, ETL  Work Experience  PySpark , Databricks and has Experience on SQL, ETL Development  primary skill set keywords: Python, Pyspark, Databricks  Secondary : SQL, ETL  P-102224"
84,85,2023-05-05,NUNC SYSTEMS PVT LTD,Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-nunc-systems-pvt-ltd-3598177817?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=kWxsvHPWnX2gmFc02FRcWg%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job brief  We are looking for a Data Scientist with an experience in between 4-8 Years, to analyze large amounts of raw information to find patterns that will help improve our company. We will rely on you to build data products to extract valuable business insights.  In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research.  Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions.  Requirements And Skills Strong knowledge of Dialog flow API and building NLP-AI based chatbot using the DialogFlow API (E.g.: Chatbot, Email conversation, and Text Messaging (conversation through Mobile). Research and analyze the scope of intent within the linguistic and technical dimensions of chatbot capabilities. Build content for chatbot and define an efficient process for identifying targeted Intents, Entitles and follow-up questions based on keywords and creating conversation flows. Work with developers, product, and engineering teams to maximize conversions while ensuring a great user experience. Analyze the chat history and optimized the intents and entities. Drive continual content refinement and improvement through content experiments, user feedback, and analysis of performance metrics. Create conversational flows to suit the requirements & added different synonyms to the entities to be up to date. Train the chatbot accordingly to understand the linguistic variations of diverse types of users. Creating fallbacks for all the intents to handling garbage text from the userʼs query. Updating the training phrases and diverse examples to all intents and extracting parameters/entities are correct if not correctly extracting. Create composite entities to handle all the different formats of customer preferences and create the regexes as per the requirement. Handling all the issues of Dialog Flow. Experiment with different content formats and styles to deliver unique user experiences. Good experience with NLP techniques such as NLTK, Spacy, NER, Text-Pre-processing and web scrapping methods and other techniques. Should have working with Deep Learning models such as Question & Answering (RNN, LSTM, and Seq 2 seq), Text Summarization (Hugging Face), BERT, Word2Vec, etc. Good Knowledge of deploying models such as GCP, AWS, etc.  14. Good knowledge of Machine Learning Algorithms (Classification algorithms etc.) Good knowledge of SQL servers and creating APIs to extract the information from the database. Knowledge of the Knowledge Graph (Neo4J Database) to create conversation flows from the pdf files. Knowledge of Redis server, PHP programming, and Dockers  Expertise & Qualifications  Dialog flow API, Deep Learning, NLP, Machine Learning Algorithms, SQL, Neo4J, Dockers, Redis"
85,86,2023-06-23,OvalEdge,ChatGPT - LLM Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/chatgpt-llm-data-scientist-at-ovaledge-3639469282?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=NcIYqEQFxyVtPsGWT6259g%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About OvalEdge  The OvalEdge data catalog, governance and access management suite is the vanguard of modern data management. We are on a mission to make data governance implementation effortless and accessible to all. We believe in the democratization of data and that everyone in an organization should have a platform available to make cutting-edge, data-driven business decisions.  Working at the forefront of modern data governance, you'll find yourself experimenting with and championing tools that are fundamentally changing the way organizations implement data governance strategies. We're the only company in the world that has integrated Data Catalog and Data Governance into one platform to help organizations of all sizes to conceive, plan, implement, and achieve Governance at all levels. We've been recognized as one of the Top 3 Data Governance Companies in the world.  About The Position  We are seeking a highly skilled and experienced LLM/GPT Data Scientist to join our team. As an LLM/GPT Data Scientist, you will be responsible for designing, training, and customizing GPT architectures for LLM, image-to-text, and/or text-to-image projects. Additionally, you will apply your expertise in machine learning (ML) for computer vision (CV), generative AI architectures, and other related areas. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in Python coding, extensive experience in data science (DS), ML, and AI, and the ability to independently solve complex problems and lead project teams.  The ChatGPT and LLM Model Data Scientist & Application Developer is responsible for developing and maintaining applications that use ChatGPT and LLM models. The developer will work with a variety of stakeholders, including business users, product leaders, and other engineers, to ensure that the applications meet the needs of the business.  What You Will Do  Utilize proven hands-on experience with GPT architectures to design, train, and customize models for LLM, image-to-text, and/or text-to-image projects. Apply your expertise in ML for CV, including working with 3D data, multimodal data etc Implement and customize generative AI architectures and approaches such as GAN, stable diffusion, GPT, etc. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to develop and deploy innovative solutions that leverage LLM and GPT architectures. Develop applications that use ChatGPT and LLM models for supporting company product content.  ○ Work with stakeholders to understand their needs and requirements.  ○ Gather and prepare data for training and evaluation.  ○ Evaluate the performance of ChatGPT and LLM models.  ○ Implement improvements to ChatGPT and LLM models.  Develop NLP based solutions for use cases defined by product leadership. Work with engineers to deploy and maintain applications for company customer users. Explore new developments in the domain and technologies to define the technical stack for the applications. Define and manage roadmap. Lead and mentor a team of 2-5 ML scientists and engineers from project inception to successful completion. Independently think, problem-solve, and drive research and development initiatives in the field of LLM, GPT, and related areas. Stay up to date with the latest advancements in the field of ML, AI, and DS.  Expertise You will Bring  Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or a related field Proven hands-on experience with GPT architectures, including design, training, and customization for LLM, image-to-text, and/or text-to-image projects. Demonstrable experience with ML for CV, 3D data, multimodal data etc Strong knowledge of generative AI architectures and approaches such as GAN, stable diffusion, GPT, etc. Minimum of 5 years of coding experience in Python. Minimum of 5 years of experience in DS, ML, and/or AI. Ability to think independently and solve complex problems effectively. Proven leadership skills with the ability to lead and inspire project teams. Good communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams. Experience with ChatGPT and LLM models Experience with Python, Mojo and other programming languages Should be familiar with hugging face projects Experience with machine learning and natural language processing Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills Excellent communication and interpersonal skills Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.  Additional Skills  The ability to work independently and as part of a team The ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines The ability to learn new technologies quickly The ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical audiences  Tools & Technologies  Interactive Chats: ChatGPT and LLM models Python TensorFlow PyTorch Scikit-learn. NLP: NLTK, Stanford NLP for different NLP use cases like Text summarization, similarity detection, NER, Attribute detection, PII detection etc,. Jupiter Notebooks Git and GitHub, Bit Bucket  Compensation And Benefits  Competitive salary and benefits package. One of the most inclusive RSU plans in the global IT industry. Opportunity to work with cutting-edge technologies. Employee engagement initiatives such as project parties, flexible work hours. Annual health Insurance coverage: Group personal accident, and Mediclaim hospitalization.  Skills: chatgpt,data science,llm,python"
86,87,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Data Scientist ,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist%C2%A0-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622586025?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=Z0nr3G2cI3bQDvqnrR9PPw%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"M.S in Computer Science (preferred).  Building and owning large scale machine learning models  Processing large datasets (predominantly text, but also images) and working with big data technologies, languages, and frameworks: SCOPE, Spark, SQL, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Python, C#, Java  Designing experiments, setting up evaluations, and producing trustworthy conclusions.  3+ years of experience in one or more of Client/Deep Learning, NLP, IR, databases, and graph algorithms.  1+ years of experience in parallel or distributed CPU/GPU processing, high performance computing, or stream computing.  Experience in deploying Machine Learning/ Deep Learning models in Azure/AWS/GCP.  Experience with Web applications and service architecture; Web information extraction is a plus.  Strong desire to keep up to date with research and potential applications. Vision for how to advance the state of the art.  Successful candidates care about good software engineering practices, including version control, modular design, code quality, testing, and Documentation."
87,88,2023-02-17,NuStar Technologies,AWS Python Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/aws-python-developer-at-nustar-technologies-3484475641?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=0h9JuqTISBJMeoaI2DAlBQ%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Desired Competencies (Technical/Behavioral Competency)  Must-Have**  (Ideally should not be more than 3-5) AWS( Services - IAM , S3 , VPC , R53 , KMS , EKS and Terraform) Python experience for automation  Good-to-Have  SN  Responsibility of / Expectations from the Role  1  Resposible to build/changes in AWS clusters  2"
88,89,2023-06-06,Mutual Mobile | A Grid Dynamics Company,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-mutual-mobile-a-grid-dynamics-company-3640526031?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=Q%2FL7yhMs4j%2F4CDY5xhww%2FQ%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Mutual Mobile is a world leading agency in mobile and emerging technology innovation and we are looking for an accomplished and capable full stack engineer to join our team!  We have built our success through timely bets on emerging technology and rapid execution of targeted marketing campaigns and skills development. This approach has resulted in a list of premier clients that come to us to build innovative experiences using emerging technology (Nike, Google, GM, Nestle, UnderArmour). We’ve seen this happen with iOS, Android, Wearables and IoT. We continue to evolve - it’s in our DNA - we stay on the forefront of innovation. Now, in 2018, we stand at the foot of a massive transition in emerging technology with the growth of Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Voice, Bots, and more. We are ready to embrace these changes and to help our clients make the most of the opportunities they bring.  They  At Mutual Mobile, Engineers are highly-capable, experienced producers of high-quality, extensible code. They know the ins-and-outs of their field, apply that knowledge to solve the most difficult problems, and pass along that knowledge to the next generation through mentorship.  Improve the structure, quality, and extensibility of code bases  Implement tools and best practices  Create reusable libraries and frameworks  Act as subject matter expert and contribute to the server center of excellence  Accurately estimate level of effort  Discover and evaluate new tools and technology partners  We Expect Engineers To  Be highly-capable experts in at least one technology  Build breadth across multiple tech stacks  Write high-quality, extensible, testable code  Participate in planning activities and provide accurate story estimates  Conduct code reviews and act as a role model on the team  Proactively breakdown work, identify risks, and explore solutions  Engineers Have Experience  Building server applications in Python  Strong knowledge on Flask or Django  Employing strong TDD and performance optimization strategies  Architecting and deploying applications for AWS and other cloud providers  Provisioning Devops tooling and continuous integration  Designing APIs consumed by many mobile or web applications  Using relational and document-store databases  Building high-performance, scalable cloud applications  Shipping fault-tolerant, highly-available systems in production  Good knowledge on basic authentication, authorization and security technologies.  Preferred Experience Includes  Building server applications using several different open-source stacks  Using BaaS providers like Firebase or Heroku  Familiarity with modern front-end development such as React or Angular  Using containerization systems like Docker or Kubernetes  Integrating third-party systems: CRM, CMS, shopping carts, and payments  Broad architectural knowledge and experience: serverless, microservices, traditional server-based (monolithic) services  System monitoring and security design and implementation  Why work for Mutual Mobile? We make great products. We craft beautiful mobile interfaces and solve complex software challenges. Clients such as HEB, Google, lynda.com, Citi, Nike, and Under Armour come to us for our deep experience in mobile and emerging technology — from establishing a mobile strategy that provides impactful business value, to building those solutions from the ground up. We bring together the brightest minds in interactive & visual design, engineering, and business management to deliver solutions that actually matter.  You’ll love working here, because this isn’t a company of silos. Team members are empowered and encouraged to pursue cool ideas, think for themselves, and make mistakes. If your passion extends beyond the role, we’ll invite your views and assistance with improving our culture, systems and processes. We know you’re smart, and that you love learning new technologies--so you’ll be able to work on a variety of projects with many different types of people. Skills:- Django, Javascript, React.js, Angular (2+), AngularJS (1.x), Python, Flask and Amazon Web Services (AWS)"
89,90,2023-07-10,Quantium,IND (New) Lead Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ind-new-lead-data-scientist-at-quantium-3172545639?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=SiAukOExg%2FL4nE1NzegmYg%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Founded in 2002, Quantium combines the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Lead Data Scientist  Role summary  As a member of the Quantium India leadership team, this person builds, leads and manages a vertical within the India team to deliver a broad range of data driven solutions for Quantiums global business. This person has direct responsibility for the vertical appointed teams quality and success. This person will work with the India Product & Technology Lead to deliver Retail Product solutions in India. This role requires working closely with Australian management and Australian technical leaders to develop a deep understanding of Quantium quality standards and the capability to build and manage a team in India to consistently deliver Quantium quality.  Key responsibilities  Lead the team in the appointed vertical (Banking & Wealth, or Property, or FMCG, or Retail) to deliver analytical solutions that meet Quantium quality standards and support the global Quantium business (primarily Australia) Lead the appointed team to deliver projects on time and on budget including resourcing of project teams Talent recruitment, development and management of the Quantium India Analytics function: recruit, develop and manage a high performing team to deliver outstanding client value. Work with the broader business to support activities to attract and develop the talent we function To build, lead and manage a high performing team of analytics and technical people of the size and quality required to support the global Quantium business and to improve the overall technical capability of the India office Lead pro-active innovation for the appointed vertical in India To be a technical and commercial subject matter expert for all large scale engagements in the appointed vertical for India To build strong relationships with, and become a trusted advisor of Australian stakeholders and more broadly, the global business To work with other members of the Indian management team to build a culture in the Hyderabad office aligned with the global Quantium culture  Key activities  Work with Executive Managers and other key stakeholders to develop and implement a strategy and associated roadmap for the appointed vertical in India Work with project teams to design and develop solutions to address business and client needs Proactively identify challenges faced by project teams and work with relevant stakeholders to ensure delivery is not impacted Champion analytics best practice to ensure quality objectives are met for all projects delivered by the India team Oversee project delivery to ensure projects are on time and on budget Understand projects from a deep technical perspective and appreciate the teams perspective in guiding them as a technical engineering leader Partner with key stakeholders in a collaborative manner to ensure projects are delivered in compliance with wider organisational policies Develop and implement reporting to track and measure project and team performance metrics Guide team leads or senior analytics to come up with an accurate estimates of work effort, timeframes for deliverables Manage R&D workstreams to develop new solutions Work with Executive Managers and other key stakeholders to develop and implement a workforce plan for the India teams Work with the Indian recruiting team to attract and recruit high performing staff and support the global business with recruitment efforts where required Monitor staff performance providing regular feedback, coaching and determine strategies to help improve performance. Address issues promptly Develop and manage staff performance including setting objectives and KPIs, career mentoring, career path development and execution of annual / bi-annual reviews Work to motivate and engage the India teams to ensure high job satisfaction, low attrition and meaningful career progression Work with Australian leaders to set clear performance standards for analytics at different levels Develop and implement a plan to grow capability within the India team to achieve identified capability standards Lead and drive continuous improvement across the India team Instil a passion for and commercial understanding within the team Develop trusted advisor relationships with Australian stakeholders and more broadly, the global business Contribute to sharing technology knowledge and experience across projects in India  Experience And Education Required  Experience in a technical analytics environment, carrying out data analytics or data science work Experience working in a cross functional team with other highly technical disciplines e.g. Software Engineers, Data Engineers etc Experience in supervising the work of others as a senior team member, project manager or team leader Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a related discipline Sound knowledge of technical analytics discipline, including data preparation, feature engineering and foundational analytics concepts, machine learning model development, evaluation and implementation Sound knowledge of one or more technical tools and coding languages that are used for analytics A broad range is used at Quantium and the concepts are transferable, so we do not require a specific set of tools However, some tools and programming languages that might qualify include (in no particular order): R, Python, SQL, Scala Ability to implement and manage analytics best practice within a particular discipline of analytics or data science, under the guidance of an SME in the relevant area Commercial acumen to understand business needs and the commercial impacts of different analytics solutions or approaches Structured communication (written and verbal), influencing key stakeholders including Executives Problem solving skills both creative and structured Strong attention to detail  What does success look like?  High performing project teams in India delivering output to support the global business at the quality level required (Quantium quality) Managing Indian resources to deliver output on time and on budget Motivated teams with high job satisfaction (4 out of 5 on staff satisfaction surveys) Trusted advisor of Australian and Indian stakeholders"
90,91,2023-01-27,IDESLABS PRIVATE LIMITED,Python developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-ideslabs-private-limited-3452655233?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=O1dcL118bCOxNS8K1dX6fQ%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Greetings from IDES LABS PVT LTD  Immediate Openings on Python Developer_Hyderabad  Experience:5+  Skill: Python Developer  Location: Hyderabad  Notice Period: Immediate.  Employment Type: Contract  Job Description  Work location Any NTT location  Shift timings Regular  Rate card (Daily/Hourly) - 800  Experience 4+ Years of relevant exp  Good command of Python  Hands-on knowledge of APIs and its integration  Working knowledge of SQL  Interested candidates share profiles at  Email: arun.vangari@ideslabs.com  Mobile: 7794889980  About IDESLABS, Summarized our services for quick understanding of IDESLABS’s offeringS  Training Services We have 9000 + trainer ecosystem 700 Plus courses across technologies, Delivered 45000 Plus of training across Geographies. Virtual Training to 150 + Professionals on monthly basis across technologies Training Partner for large corporations such as Wipro, Tech M, Infosys, Mylan etc Delivered training across the globe, Americas, Europe, South Africa, and Pan Asia Consulting Services Resourcing for both contract and Permanent positions 150000 + inhouse database 30 plus strong recruiter base based out of India. 75 + resources working at multiple customer locations. Partners for large IT houses such as WIPRO, NTTDATA, DXC, HCL &Tech M Catering to customers in US, Europe, UK, Middle East, and APAC (India & Singapore) Looking forward to work with you."
91,92,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657434277?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=i3BtqaLqoSdrAdKk0UjeCQ%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Role  Python Developer  Project Description min 50 words  Python led API automation  BGC Completion timeline: Before/post onboarding  Post  Client billing rate Hourly/Month please be specific  New Position  BGC vendor name  TBD  Drug Test Required Yes/no  No  If Yes Drug Test Type  Must Have Skills (Top 3 skills only)  Python, API  Nice to have skills (Top 2 only)  Jenkins, Blue Prism  Top 3 responsibilities you would expect the subcon to shoulder and execute:  Solution Oriented, Punctual and customer oriented"
92,93,2023-06-16,Nixsol Inc,Python Developer,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-nixsol-inc-3660811118?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=pOgGDS5Mu2NvE%2FNBmKHJ3Q%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Hello Connections,  Greetings from Nixsol India Pvt Ltd !!  Our Client Infosys (C2H position) has below openings. Kindly look into it and if anyone is interested please share your updated resume to prasanna@nixsol.com  Job Description  Urgently Hiring for Python Developer  Client : Infosys  Experience : 5+ years  Relevant Experience : 4+ years  Salary: 8LPA to 15 LPA  Notice Period : Immediate  Location : Pan India  Position: C2H for Infosys under Payroll of Nixsol India Pvt Ltd  Job Description: Minimum 5 years of development experience in Python. responsible for writing and testing scalable code, developing backend components, and integrating user-facing elements in collaboration with front-end developers. Should have excellent communication skills and should be able to handle client  Please share your CVs to  prasanna@nixsol.com"
93,94,2023-05-05,Yo Hr Consultancy,Data Scientist - II,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-ii-at-yo-hr-consultancy-3593846948?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=m5iVVWcStmoEdV0jyeBsVA%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description-  Experience - 1 - 4 years  Key Reponsibilities  Work with cash-flow, behavioural and traditional bureau datasets Upgrade and maintain risk products, end-to-end loan decisioning products, zero manual intervention products Create/Ideate/Innovate on frameworks for credit risk, ops, credit offers, fraud and required model development/updates  Primary Requirements (Must-have)  1-4 years of experience in data-science Hands-on modeling experience in ANN, RF & GBM Expertise in Python and knows atleast one object oriented programming language. Understands retail lending Expertise in feature generation and data sanity Keen on problem solving and aptitude for learning  Preffered Qualifications  Must have delivered atleast one data product end-to-end Previous experience in banks/NBFC(s)/fintechs Knows SCALA/JAVA Experience in deploying Machine Learning and Deep Learning techniques Understands the concepts of hyper-parameter optimization and various techinques to achieve the  same, primarily Genetic and Bayesian approaches  Framework(s) approach to problem solving and ability to break down broader problem statements  to hypothesis and validate  Keeps a track of recent developments in the ML & DL space Belongs to Tier1 colleges (IIT/NIT/BITS etc.)  Skills: python,scala,artificial neural networks,random forest"
94,95,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622581473?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=TJDiL%2Fka9yoir2ggibxxxw%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"No of years' experience 6+ years 10 Years Detailed job description - Skill Set: "" Core Experience- 6+yrs  "" Good knowledge in Deep learning and NLP on Client algorithms and their usage  "" Working experience in end to end data science project life cycles from use case framing, data collection, data exploration, model building, deployment  "" Working experience in most of the common Machine Learning techniques related to Time series, Regression, Classification, Clustering, NLP, working with IoT data  "" Good to have working exposure in common cloud environments and understanding of robust on premise data science infrastructure.  "" Nice to have an understanding of big data related technologies and DevOps(Dockers, Singularity) Work Location Bangalore (currently remote also is fine)"
95,96,2023-06-10,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3649698095?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=7vHB%2FYH4WNUXIWb4xYlp%2Bw%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"TMS/Demand ID  300857 (Group Demand)  Role Python Developer Project Description min 50 words Python led API automation BGC Completion timeline: Before/post onboarding Post Client billing rate Hourly/Month please be specific New Position BGC vendor name TBD Drug test required Yes/no: No If yes drug test type : Must Have Skills (Top 3 skills only) Python, API Nice to have skills (Top 2 only) Jenkins, Blue Prism Top 3 responsibilities you would expect the subcon to shoulder and execute: Solution Oriented, Punctual and customer oriented Address/ Work Location with zip code Mohali, Bangalore, Hyderabad(WFH for now) Preferred Vendor Rate (please do not mention client billing rate) 8000-9000 Per day Number of Openings 2 Duration of Hiring 6 month No of years' experience 3-6 Client Interview / F2F Applicable Yes Notice Period 3 Months"
96,97,2023-07-11,Quantium,Senior Data Scientist FMCG,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-data-scientist-fmcg-at-quantium-3617725383?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=lGSUARts4LemK3PtJVU5lg%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Founded in 2002, Quantium combines the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Based in Hyderabad, Quantium India provides vital support to the global business. The teams in India work alongside global teams to deliver high quality analytics solutions to clients.  Role Summary  The Senior Data Scientist is a technical leadership role with direct accountability for the delivery of multiple projects including the management of the analytics quality on these projects. The Senior Data Scientist works with the Lead Data Scientist on projects to transform client questions and issues into analytical solutions.  Key Responsibilities  Accountable for the analytics quality, analytical leadership of the project team and delivery of key projects Strong ability to perform data exploration / investigation and write / test / recommend efficient code for data transformations Able to explain how analytical outputs are linked to commercial outcomes and perform further investigation and/or suggest remedies where required Plan, direct and do work for a production pipeline. Understand how to create a maintainable and resilient pipeline Transforming client questions and issues into analytical solutions Communicate and translate business needs against analytics solutions or outcomes to both technical and non-technical audiences Recommend and suggest future analytics workstreams and improvements in solution design by working closely with the Lead Data Scientist Define acceptance criteria and definitions of ""done"", balancing priorities vs nice-to-haves Task management including overseeing and delegating technical tasks amongst Data Scientists Demonstrate an interest in coaching and people development  Key Activities  Oversee a team of Data Scientists to deliver a range of technical tasks on projects across multiple clients Review and management of analytics quality on key projects Providing estimates of work effort, timeframes and right resources for analytics tasks Create and maintain production pipelines Create and maintain forecasting models in GBM Convert information into meaningful, actionable recommendations for Quantium's clients Day to day external client lead relationship and stakeholder management for key projects within their remit Support the Lead Data Scientist with architecting analytics solutions for key client questions Participation in Analytics Community initiatives, such as Analytics Review for other projects, organisation or facilitation at events, etc.  Skills And Knowledge Required  Strong coding proficiency in either Python or R (required) Experience developing predictive / ML models on structured datasets Able to update model pipelines on GPUs, API calls and production data pipelines Experience coding in SQL advantageous Experience using GBM (XGBoost) advantageous Experience using source code control / versioning tools like Git advantageous Experience using cloud storage and analytics platforms such as GCP, AWS, Azure advantageous Forecasting experience preferred but not required Experience working in Agile framework advantageous Experience using team collaboration tools like Jira and Confluence advantageous Retail experience preferred but not required  Experience And Education Required  4+ years’ experience in a highly technical analytics environment, carrying out data analytics or data science work Experience in supervising the work of others as a senior team member, project manager or team leader Tertiary qualifications in engineering, mathematics, actuarial studies, statistics, physics, or a related discipline Advanced knowledge of technical analytics discipline, including data preparation, feature engineering and foundational analytics concepts, model development and model training Strong people management skills Experience with successfully managing both internal and external stakeholders, delivering against projects, tasks and activities in a dynamic deadline driven environments Commercial acumen to understand business needs and be able suggest the commercial impacts of different analytics solutions or approaches High attention to detail Drive for continuous improvement  More About Quantium  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential. We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  Quantium are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity. We are a multicultural team of various beliefs, sexual orientations and gender identities. We celebrate our diversity of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status and disability status.  If you submit an application or expression of interest to The Quantium Group Pty Ltd, we may disclose your application or expression of interest on a confidential basis to our related companies, and joint venture companies, including our Parent Group - Woolworths Group Limited. We will only make such disclosures for the purpose of considering your application or expression of interest and opportunities in those organisations.  Click on the links to find out more about how Woolworths Group , and Quantium manage your personal information including how you can access your personal information, make a correction or make a complaint about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles."
97,98,2023-03-28,Consultants 2 Go,Data Scientist,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-at-consultants-2-go-3580759774?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=oLzB%2FzHp8yWql4FNNENSeQ%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Description  Overview  BLEND360 is an award-winning, new breed Data Science Solutions Company focused on powering exceptional results to our Fortune 500 clients. We are a growing company—born at the intersection of advanced analytics, data and technology.  We are looking for talented Data Scientists to join our Global Delivery Center of Data Science Excellence based out of Hyderabad, India.  Blend360 Data Science team provides strategic leadership for the development, validation and delivery of algorithms, statistical models and reporting tools. The successful candidate will help to solve highly complex projects involving multiple resources and tasks while collaborating with our Data Science team members. Our Data Scientists have a broad knowledge of a variety of data and mathematical solutions. Data Scientist's work includes statistical analyses, predictive modeling, machine learning, and experimental design. We evaluate different sources of data, discover patterns hidden within raw data, create insightful variables, and develop competing models with different machine learning algorithms. We validate and cross-validate our recommendations to make sure our recommendations will perform well over time.  Key Responsibilities  Interpret data, analyze results using advanced mathematical and statistical techniques and provide insights Design, develop and implement a resilient and performant real-time distributed data processing and analytics platform using SAS / R / Python. Develop advanced predictive /prescriptive systems, creating efficient algorithms for business problem solving, improving data quality. Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets.  Required Skills And Experience  Strong understanding gained through experience on advanced analytics (forecasting, data mining, optimization and reporting) techniques At least 3+ Years of professional experience in Advanced Data Science, such as predictive modelling, statistical analysis, machine learning, text mining, geo-spatial analytics, time series forecasting, optimization. Experience with one or more Advanced Data Science software languages (Python, SQL) Predictive modelling experience, data analytics, machine learning, and big data technologies such as Python, R, and Hadoop Experience using Hive, Unix Develop and execute new and/or highly complex algorithms and statistical predictive models and determines analytical approaches and modelling techniques to evaluate potential future outcomes Work with Data Science Team members to create and implement impactful solutions to client business problems Write SQL Queries (50% of the role) Python Code/modeling (25%) Establish analytical rigor and statistical methods to analyze large amounts of data, using advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses. Methods will be implemented using advanced technologies Effectively collaborates with teams to understand business partner and client needs, share and syndicate output of analytical models, and provide support during implementation, where needed Interacts with internal and external peers and management to share highly complex information/solutions related to areas of expertise and/or to gain acceptance of new or enhanced technology/ business solutions Ability to work effectively in a global team and to be able to demonstrate the ability to communicate technical ideas and results to non-technical clients in written and verbal form Strong organizational skills Excellent analytical and problem solving skills Educational Qualifications  Master’s/ Bachelor degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, quantitative studies, such as Statistics, Math, Operation Research, Economics and Advanced Analytics"
98,99,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657433235?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=y9E8I6O%2FR4ZdqsuXiMH4VA%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,Role: Python Developer  Exp : 2+  Mode :Permanent position  Company :Mushroom solutions  NP : Max 15 Days  Rate : Up to 9LPA (Candiated ECTC )
99,100,2023-07-11,JPMorgan Chase & Co.,Data Scientist Lead - Vice President,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-lead-vice-president-at-jpmorgan-chase-co-3656312862?refId=0zcMSlIB98ltOls1iwTLoA%3D%3D&trackingId=x8TwH0iNdOZoG4H4rP%2FldA%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=3&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Responsibilities  Strategy Development: Collaborate with senior management and other stakeholders to define the data intelligence strategy aligned with the organization's goals and objectives. This includes determining the key focus areas, identifying data sources, and establishing a roadmap for data intelligence initiatives. Team Management: Lead a team of data analysts, data quality and other data professionals. Provide guidance, mentorship, and support to ensure the team's success. Assign tasks, manage workloads, and foster a collaborative and innovative work environment. Data Analysis and Insights: Oversee the analysis of large and complex datasets to extract meaningful insights and drive data-informed decision-making. Apply advanced analytics techniques, such as machine learning, predictive modeling, and data mining, to identify patterns, trends, and opportunities. Communicate findings to stakeholders in a clear and actionable manner. Stakeholder Engagement: Collaborate with key stakeholders across different departments, such as marketing, finance, operations, and IT, to understand their data intelligence needs and provide relevant insights and solutions. Act as a liaison between the data intelligence function and other business units. Technology and Tools: Evaluate, implement, and manage data intelligence technologies and tools, including data visualization software, data analytics platforms, and data management systems. Stay updated on emerging technologies and trends in the data intelligence field to ensure the organization remains at the forefront of innovation.  Required Qualifications, Skills And Capabilities  12+ years of industry experience in the Analytics, AI/ML space Hands on Analytics/AI expert experienced in delivering Analytics projects/products in the financial services domain , involving large and complex data sets- both on premise and cloud in an individual contributor capacity. Master data storyteller with an ability to identify needles in the haystack and use Data Intelligence to draw actionable insights and make persuasive recommendations to senior stakeholders across different lines of business. Thought leader who is adept in the latest industry trends along with a proven track record of leading a team of highly talented Data Analysts, Visualization specialists and Data Scientists to produce high impact deliverables  JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.  We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs."
100,101,2023-06-02,Navtech,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-navtech-3645959433?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=so3b7E7hIhfTA1Dj2vUJ1Q%3D%3D&position=1&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Navtech (Navaratan Technologies) Hyderabad, India  Net Developer:  Navtech is a premier IT software and Services provider. Navtech’s mission is to increase public cloud adoption and build cloud-first solutions that become trendsetting platforms of the future. We have been recognized as the Best Cloud Service Provider at GoodFirms for ensuring good results with quality services. Here, we strive to innovate and push technology and service boundaries to provide best-in-class technology solutions to our clients at scale. We deliver to our clients globally from our state-of-the-art design and development centers in the US, Hyderabad, and Pune. Navtech is looking for a .Net Developer to work on cutting edge technologies combined with an ability to be innovative while creating solutions in a team environment. We’re a fast growing company with clients in the United States, UK and Europe. You will join a team of talented developers, quality engineers, product managers, and sales experts to boost the company's online presence.  Working as Python Developer at Navtech, you will:  Write reusable, testable, and efficient code. Test and debug programs. Participate in a full development life-cycle: concept, design, build, deploy, test and release. Integrate user-facing elements with server-side logic. Integrate data storage solutions like MongoDB, MySQL etc. Work with product teams on new product ideas, designs, prototypes, and estimates. Drive a best practices approach to the continuous improvement of our products, processes, and tools. Write and maintain documentation for all features in development. Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance. Implement security and data protection solutions. Coordinate, guide, and mentor other software engineers within the team to understand user requirements and provide better technical solutions.  Who Are We Looking For Exactly ?  1-3 years of experience as a Python Developer with knowledge of web framework such as Django, Flask, etc. Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM). Able to integrate multiple data sources and databases like MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB into one system. Familiarity with PHP, JavaScript, MySQL, Apache, Nginx, APIs, HTML, etc. Proficient understanding of any of the code versioning tools like Git, SVN etc. Familiarity with NoSQL database (Redis, Cassandra). Ability to work in a cloud environment. Experience on AWS or Azure would be an added advantage. Should have a Master’s Degree /Bachelor's (BS) in computer science, Software Engineering, IT, Technology Management or related degrees and throughout education in English Medium. Should have good logical, analytical and communication skills with client interaction experience.  Why Navtech?  Performance review and Appraisal Twice a year. Competitive pay package with additional bonus & benefits. Work with US, UK & Europe-based industry-renowned clients for exponential technical growth. Medical Insurance covers for self & immediate family. Work with a culturally diverse team from different geographies. Exceptional learning opportunities and certification sponsorships.  Powered by Webbtree"
101,102,2023-06-17,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3657433263?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=ThVVKPGRXucv5c650RuI6A%3D%3D&position=2&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Must Have Skills (Top 3 technical skills only) *  Python, Azure Nice to have skills (Top 2 only)  Job Description  AWS, SQL, Dev Ops Detailed Job Description  Strong Python Development experience of 5+ years of experience Strong actual hands-on experience of working on Azure based services/Infrastructure. Analyze and understand the source to target mapping as well as transformation logic of data attributes Develop code to integrate and migrate data from legacy systems to cloud Participate in development strategies and provide solutions based on requirements and application landscape knowledge. Work on requirement analysis for enhancements and integrations based on inputs from other teams and business. Co-ordinate with Different technical teams /infrastructure teams for any interdependent issues. Fix issues/defects and provide support for testing and deployment Attending and executing project in Scrum methodologies."
102,103,2023-07-11,Speriti Solutions,Interesting Job Opportunity: Speriti Solutions - Data Engineer - Python/Pandas,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/interesting-job-opportunity-speriti-solutions-data-engineer-python-pandas-at-speriti-solutions-3657014607?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=JMOUIGeiRfe%2BarBxNzbGvA%3D%3D&position=3&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description  Deep, expert level knowledge of Python, Pandas Application coding in Python, Pandas , SQL, and Relational Databases Experience developing and implementing data models for various domains. Experience developing hybrid automation/interactive solutions for SMEs Experience developing with containers and linux. Experience with Spark Some experience with Modeling techniques, possibly include linear regression, timeseries (ARIMA, etc) and other econometric techniques. Experience with modern DevOps practices . Good to have: experience with Databricks Good to have: experience in the energy sector, Refining is a big plus Strong familiarity with agile methodologies Ability to work with non-technology stakeholders to elicit and implement requirements. Strong analytical, problem-solving and decision-making ability Excellent verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills  (ref:hirist.com)"
103,104,2023-07-04,Novartis India,Head Data Science & AI,Executive,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/head-data-science-ai-at-novartis-india-3654745797?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=TiJapU9F%2Fd9c5MC4O9DdNA%3D%3D&position=4&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description  Hundreds of clinical trials are run using cutting edge technologies. New roles dedicated to innovation continue to be created to focus on breakthrough opportunities.  The purpose of the role is to contribute to the development and implementation of overall strategy for Data Sciences and drive innovation initiatives. Accountable for aligning “Data & Digital” strategy and development of Novartis data science capabilities. Role models a culture of analytical decision making and data sciences across Novartis in research, development, commercial, manufacturing and support functions. Enable recognition of Novartis as a leader in the field of AI/ML and advanced analytics. Overall responsibility for creation, nurturing and growth of the digital charter and establish it as a gold standard within Novartis.  Your responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Responsible for actively driving a culture of knowledge building and sharing within the team. Encourage continuous innovation and out of the box thinking along with proven track record to white-board and transform ideas from high level business problem statements to a detailed outline of solution Own up program delivery at enterprise level by providing vision to project teams in delivering impactful solutions and driving critical review meetings to articulate the value of such solutions to the client's business. Set up regular governance cadence with various customers to ensure the program delivery is closely aligned with business needs and deliver measurable value Work on the development of operating policies and procedures to promote operational excellence across the Data Science practice teams in Novartis Demonstrate operational efficiency by continuously improving and implementing the latest standards in AI ML and measure the efficiency gains against the operational and financial KPIs and contribute to cost savings at function level Ability to analyze pros-and-cons of different options in the context of multitude of business problems and articulate such choices to various customers including technical and business functions. Evidence of strong analytical, critical, and creative thinking and willingness to take initiative in problem-solving. Demonstrated interest and proven career path in industries such as pharmaceuticals, healthcare, financial services or insurance Experience in building and growing a Data Science / advanced analytics team with ability to work in matrix environment and responsible for defining and manage Data Science & AI strategy across multiple businesses and demonstrate executive presence in interactions with CxO level customers.   Commitment to Diversity & Inclusion:  Novartis is committed to building an outstanding, inclusive work environment and diverse teams representative of the patients and communities we serve.  Minimum Requirements  What you’ll bring to the role: Masters in a quantitative field, Ph.D. highly preferred (e.g. Applied Mathematics, Computer Science, bioinformatics, epidemiology and Statistics; can also consider Operations Research, Industrial Engineering, Decision Science, Quantitative Research, Econometrics, Computational Physics/Chemistry/Biology). Masters in pharmaceutical domain, Life sciences, Bachelor’s degree in Medicine field with solid understanding of various data science domains 15+ years of relevant experience in Data Science, experience in Pharma/Healthcare desirable. Cross-industry experience highly preferred. Experience in Global leadership role (s). Track- record of delivering Global solutions at scales. Proven track record of broad pharmaceutical industry experience and robust understanding of enterprise data science, technology landscapes and relationships, as well as large program integration experience. Experience in building the enterprise data science strategy, governance and implementation of large-scale data science / advanced analytics programs Experience in Agile project delivery and general management in an international environment. Strong problem-solving ability to understand, structure, present and decide solutions in the area of responsibility. Experience in advising peers and senior customers on complex issues and providing contextual guidance on complex topics to help influence customer actions. Experience in running and leading internal and external resources posted in different geographies and time zones and managing large teams, team building, coaching and mentoring in a global environment.   Why consider Novartis?  769 million lives were touched by Novartis medicines in 2022, and while we’re proud of this, we know there is so much more we could do to help improve and extend people’s lives.  We believe new insights, perspectives and ground-breaking solutions can be found at the intersection of medical science and digital innovation. That a diverse, equitable and inclusive environment inspires new ways of working.  We believe our potential can thrive and grow in an unbossed culture underpinned by integrity, curiosity and flexibility. And we can reinvent what's possible, when we collaborate with courage to aggressively and ambitiously tackle the world’s toughest medical challenges. Because the greatest risk in life, is the risk of never trying!  Imagine what you could do here at Novartis!  India Accessibility and accommodation  Novartis is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to individuals with disabilities. If, because of a medical condition or disability, you need a reasonable accommodation for any part of the recruitment process, or in order to perform the essential functions of a position, please send an e-mail to diversityandincl.india@novartis.comand let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.  Join our Novartis Network:  If this role is not suitable to your experience or career goals but you wish to stay connected to hear more about Novartis and our career opportunities, join the Novartis Network here: https://talentnetwork.novartis.com/network  Division  CTS  Business Unit  TT CTS  Country  India  Work Location  Hyderabad, AP  Company/Legal Entity  Nov Hltcr Shared Services Ind  Functional Area  Data Science  Job Type  Full Time  Employment Type  Regular  Shift Work  No  Early Talent  No"
104,105,2023-07-10,Quantium,IND (New) Senior ML Ops Engineer - wiq,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/ind-new-senior-ml-ops-engineer-wiq-at-quantium-3289308012?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=9U2o%2FR7UkZCjTi8FWOyNCQ%3D%3D&position=5&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Quantium  Founded in 2002, Quantium combines the best of human and artificial intelligence to power possibilities for individuals, organisations and society. Our solutions make sense of what has happened and what will, could or should be done to re-shape industries and societies around the needs of the people they serve.  As one of the world’s fully diversified data science and AI leaders we operate across every sector of the economy and we’re growing fast - with growth comes opportunity! We’re passionate about building out our team of smart, fun, diverse and motivated people.  We combine a team of experts that spans data scientists, actuaries, statisticians, business analysts, strategy consultants, engineers, technologists, programmers, product developers, and futurists – all dedicated to harnessing the power of data to drive transformational outcomes for our clients.  We actively foster a culture where our people can stretch themselves to reach their full potential.  We also know that work has to work for you, and modern life is fast-paced and balance can be tricky. You want to work where you are respected and valued as an individual, not a number. Quantium embraces a flexible and supportive environment dedicated to powering possibilities for our team members, clients and partners.  MLOps Resposibilities  Design the data pipelines and engineering infrastructure to support our clients’ enterprise machine learning systems at scale Take models data scientists build and turn them into a real machine learning production system Develop and deploy scalable tools and services for our clients to handle machine learning training and inference Identify and evaluate new technologies to improve performance, maintainability, and reliability of machine learning solutions Apply software engineering rigor and best practices to machine learning pipelines, including CI/CD, automation, etc. Support models with an emphasis on auditability, versioning, and data security Facilitate the development and deployment of proof-of-concept machine learning systems  Skills Required  Ability to build MLOps pipelines Ability to design and implement solutions in GCP Experience in Kubeflow Pipelines platform for building and deploying portable, scalable machine learning (ML) workflows Experience in Vertex AI services for building, deploying, and managing machine learning models in the cloud Experience with containerization and Kubernetes Good understanding of Linux for managing servers Automation for deploying machine learning solutions using Python/Bash/Go/Ruby scripting etc. Exposure to machine learning models built using scikit frameworks in Python Exposure to machine learning frameworks such as Keras or PyTorch or Tensorflow Hands-on experience managing or provisioning GPU/CPU clusters, or other large-scale cloud or Linux/Unix systems. Experience embedding monitoring solutions in ML applications Hands on experience developing and training AI/ML models. Proven experience implementing CI/CD on large-scale operational AI pipelines"
105,106,2023-06-24,DevRabbit IT Solutions,Python Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-devrabbit-it-solutions-3643600408?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=6b4m4%2FqTCe3YtUNtBph0gA%3D%3D&position=6&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Description Understanding client requirements & functional specifications. Developing and maintaining dynamic websites and web applications. Ensuring fool proof performance of the deliverable. Coordinating with co-developers and other related departments. Sending regular updated about the project status Desired Candidate Profile Proficient knowledge of a back-end programming language - one or more from Python, JavaScript, NodeJS Proficient knowledge of back-end server frameworks - Flask Proficient knowledge in handling any from JSON, XML & YAML Databases: MongoDB Proficient In configuring backend in Nginx Server Experience in building the API services from scratch - Project structuring, setting up environment objects, build reusable components, etc, IDE: Visual Studio Code, PyCharm Notepad++. Should have excellent written & oral communication skills (English) Must have the capacity to work independently and also as a part of a team Skills:- Django, Flask, Javascript, yaml, XML and Nginx"
106,107,2023-05-11,Rapid Consulting Services,Python developer,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-rapid-consulting-services-3623213941?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=J%2BdnnhHr8UYwuyAgKA7jYA%3D%3D&position=7&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Responsibilities  Writing effective, scalable code.  Developing back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance  Integrating user-facing elements into applications.  Integrate user-facing elements into applications.  Test and debug programs.  Improve functionality of existing systems.  Implement security and data protection solutions.  Assess and prioritize feature requests.  Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solutions.  Requirements And Skills  3 years Work experience as a Python Developer  Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)  Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM)  Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5)  Must have Knowledge on FastAPI and PostgreSQL.  Team spirit  Good problem-solving skills"
107,108,2023-06-02,Acme Services,Python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-acme-services-3645473197?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=jBKd5zjOCaAoW4vs3k2xRg%3D%3D&position=8&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"You are responsible for product development, testing, deployment and support.  Develop/Enhance existing applications as per product requirements  Manage individual priorities, deadlines, and deliverables.  Work with a small cross-functional team of engineers, PMs, data engineers and designers  Help the team in documenting changes made in different artifacts  Help team members in the knowledge-sharing session  Ability to learn other coding languages as needed.  Some Specific Requirements  Overall 3+ years of experience  Good Hands-on Experience with RESTful API or GraphQL  Good Hands-on Experience with Django, Flask, or FastAPI  Good Hands-on Experience working with Python and SQL  2-3 years of experience delivering products or services using web technologies  Strong knowledge of OOPS concepts and data structures  Version control systems (Git)  Good understanding of databases (Relational or NoSQL).  Good understanding of ORM (SQLAlchemy or Django model).  Good To Have  Any Experience working on the AWS or Google cloud platform  Proficient with any of the technologies: Express.js, MongoDB, MySQL, Redis and Docker  Experience with frontend technologies like Angular, Reac"
108,109,2023-07-01,Sanofi,Lead Data Scientist,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/lead-data-scientist-at-sanofi-3652123537?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=co%2B%2BqJqugXpoIXXJpqbqsw%3D%3D&position=9&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"About The Digital GBUs  We are an innovative global healthcare company, driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team, across some 100 countries, is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally, while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.  Sanofi’s Digital organization’s mission is to transform Sanofi into a data-first and AI-first organization by empowering everyone with good data. Through custom-developed AI products built on world-class data foundations and platforms, the team builds value and unique competitive advantage that scales across our markets, R&D, and manufacturing sites. The team is located in major hubs in Paris, Lyon, Barcelona, Cambridge, Bridgewater, and most recently, Toronto, with the aim of opening a new office in Hyderabad. Join a dynamic, fast-paced, and talented team, with world-class mentorship, using AI to chase the miracle of science.  Roles & Responsibilities  In this role, you will develop globally scalable AI solutions that are strategically prioritized by the Sanofi commercial area across Global Business Units (General Medicine, Vaccines, and Specialty Care) for the betterment of our global patients and customers. Examples of AI projects include but are not limited to, Omnichannel Engagement, Predicting the next best action, Marketing Mix Model, and Smart AI Alerts. You will specifically,  Apply data science expertise in machine learning, deep learning, statistics, text-mining/NLP, forecasting, and optimization to multiple analytics projects Build models, algorithms, simulations, and experiments by writing highly optimized code and using state-of-the-art machine learning technologies Work on the full spectrum of activities, from conducting ML experiments to delivering production-ready models Use data analysis, visualization, storytelling, and data technologies to scope, define and deliver AI-based data products Work closely with product owners, developers, engineers, and MLOps to deliver AI/ML solutions Adhere to and promote best practices and standards for data science process (including documentation) and code developments Remains up to date with industry practices and emerging technologies such as generative AI and tests creative ways of offering AI solutions to enhance existing solutions Mentor and coach junior data scientists and interns  About You  Key Functional Requirements and Qualifications:  Hands-on AI/ML modeling experience of complex datasets combined with a strong understanding of the theoretical foundations of AI/ML. Expertise within most of the following areas: supervised learning, unsupervised learning, deep learning, reinforcement learning, federated learning, time series forecasting, Bayesian statistics, optimization Experience creating and deploying code libraries using functions and classes in Python in AI product-focused development in an agile environment Comfortable working in the cloud and high-performance computing environments (e.g. AWS, GCP, Databricks, Apache Spark) Experience in production-ready software development Experience in communicating with businesses, expressing important DS concepts in a non-technical way, interpreting feedback from business Experience in leading data science projects and working closely with junior data scientists and data analysts Identify and manage blockers, risks, and interdependencies across Agile teams Excellent written and verbal communication, business analysis, data visualization, and data storytelling skills Nice to have experience in life sciences and healthcare and experience in a complex global organization A demonstrated ability to work and collaborate in a team environment Ability to work in a fast-paced, constantly evolving environment and to manage multiple priorities  Key Technical Requirements and Qualifications:  Ph.D. in computer science, mathematics, physics, statistics, or a related quantitative discipline with strong coding skills with 3+ years of analytical experience, OR Master’s Degree in a relevant domain with 6+ years of analytical experience Expertise with core data science languages (predominantly with Python, and nice to have R & Scala), experience working with Snowflake and other different database systems (such as SQL, NoSQL) Should have experience of AI/ML development (CI/CD, Orchestration) Experience working in a cloud-based environment such as AWS or GCP or Azure and using cloud technologies for building AI-solutions Knowledge of Tableau, Power BI, Plotly, git/version control systems, or similar Experience with various enterprise-level Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) Nice to be already involved in an Agile/Scrum environment and Comfortable utilizing tools like Jira & Confluence Nice to have experience in using some data science tools such as Datarobot, Dataiku, Alteryx  When joining our team, you will experience:  An international work environment, in which you can develop your talent and realize ideas and innovations within a competent team Exposure to training and certification pathways for technical and functional skills Your own career path within Sanofi. Your professional and personal development will be supported purposefully  Pursue progress, discover extraordinary  Better is out there. Better medications, better outcomes, better science. But progress doesn’t happen without people – people from different backgrounds, in different locations, doing different roles, all united by one thing: a desire to make miracles happen. So, let’s be those people.  At Sanofi, we provide equal opportunities to all regardless of race, colour, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, or gender identity.  Watch our ALL IN video and check out our Diversity Equity and Inclusion actions at sanofi.com!  At Sanofi diversity and inclusion is foundational to how we operate and embedded in our Core Values. We recognize to truly tap into the richness diversity brings we must lead with inclusion and have a workplace where those differences can thrive and be leveraged to empower the lives of our colleagues, patients and customers. We respect and celebrate the diversity of our people, their backgrounds and experiences and provide equal opportunity for all."
109,110,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,"Python, Pyspark",Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-pyspark-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622580838?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=aqOyzlvszqDfg1apldMAMw%3D%3D&position=10&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"b Description  10+ years of industry experience as Lead Developer  Very strong hands-on experience on Python, Pyspark.  Lead, guide, mentor the team on Design, Development and enhancement of applications.  Person should be able to do analysis of client requirement and queries  Experience with Agile methodologies  Good Development and Communication skills  Experience with Agile methodologies  Vendor Rate  9000 INR/day  Work Location  Bangalore  BGC Vendor  ANY  BGC Completion Timeline  After onboarding  Drug Text required(Yes or No)  No  3 Must have skills  Python  PySpark  Bigdata  3 Responsibilities  Experienced in requirement gathering, architecture, analysis, designing and developing Python projects  Good client interfacing skills and communication skills  Must have Lead level maturity to guide, help, mentor a team of developers  Participate in agile activities  Analysis of existing systems and implementation of enhancements and new development"
110,111,2023-06-06,JobDost,Python Developer,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-jobdost-3627612728?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=3uYd4fzfqSmGd9WrsICJhA%3D%3D&position=11&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"We are a tech venture which provides Product Engineering, QA Automation, Infrastructure, Data, and Market Research services.  Technical Proficiency  Must have : Strong development experience in Python in the environment of Unix/Linux/Ubuntu Strong practical knowledge of Python and its libraries. Current working experience with cloud deployment of AWS/Azure/GCP, Microservice architecture, and Docker in Python. Good knowledge of CI/CD and DevOps practices Good Experience of Python with Django/ Scrapy/ Flask frameworks. Good Experience in Jupyter/ Docker/ Elastic Search, etc. Solid understanding of software development principles and best practices. Strong analytical thinking and problem-solving skills. Proven ability to drive large-scale projects with a deep understanding of Agile SDLC, high collaboration, and leadership. Good To Have Expected to have migration experience from one version to the other, as this project is about migration to the latest version. Preferred if had an OpenEdx platform experience or any LMS platform. Skills:- Django, Flask, Python, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform (GCP), DevOps and Linux/Unix"
111,112,2023-03-24,IDESLABS PRIVATE LIMITED,Python developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-ideslabs-private-limited-3537442994?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=aigZNX%2F%2FQv0SpDduh09nRg%3D%3D&position=12&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Greetings from IDESLABS PVT LTD  Immediate Openings on SAP Apo Consultant  Experience : 5+  Skill:- SAP APO Consultant  Location :- PAN INDIA  Notice Period :- Immediate.  Job Description  Python Developer  Exp Level: 4 to 6 Years  Job Description 3 to 6 Years of exp in Python Development. 2 to 3 Years of exp in SQL. 2 to 3 Years of exp in Azure. Please Share Below Details And Updated Resume  Job Description Matched: Yes/No:  Dob  Full Name with Surname:  PAN Number(Mandatory)  Alternate Contact Number:  Total Experience  Relevant Experience:  Current Location:  Preferred Location:  Current CTC  Expected CTC :  Current Organization  Permanent / Contract with Current Org :  Payroll Company  Notice period :  Passport/ Expiry Date  Holding any offer: YES/NO:  Interested Candidates Can Share Details Below  Gmail: lakshmi.s@ideslabs.com  Contact No: 6303431658  About IDESLABS, Summarized our services for quick understanding of IDESLABS’s offeringS  Training Services We have 9000 + trainer ecosystem 700 Plus courses across technologies, Delivered 45000 Plus of training across Geographies. Virtual Training to 150 + Professionals on monthly basis across technologies Training Partner for large corporations such as Wipro, Tech M, Infosys, Mylan etc Delivered training across the globe, Americas, Europe, South Africa, and Pan Asia Consulting Services Resourcing for both contract and Permanent positions 150000 + inhouse database 30 plus strong recruiter base based out of India. 75 + resources working at multiple customer locations. Partners for large IT houses such as WIPRO, NTTDATA, DXC, HCL &Tech M Catering to customers in US, Europe, UK, Middle East, and APAC (India & Singapore) Looking forward to work with you."
112,113,2023-07-12,YASH Technologies,Sr. Data Scientist - Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) Job,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/sr-data-scientist-machine-learning-operations-mlops-job-at-yash-technologies-3661480483?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=m7kb7GgQ2E5R%2BIEXJBt0%2Fg%3D%3D&position=13&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"YASH Technologies is a leading technology integrator specializing in helping clients reimagine operating models, enhance competitiveness, optimize costs, foster exceptional stakeholder experiences, and drive business transformation.  At YASH, we’re a cluster of the brightest stars working with cutting-edge technologies. Our purpose is anchored in a single truth – bringing real positive changes in an increasingly virtual world and it drives us beyond generational gaps and disruptions of the future.  We are looking forward to hire Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) Professionals in the following areas :  Experience  5-8 Years  Job Description  Design and implement cloud solutions, build MLOps on cloud (Azure, AWS) Build CI/CD pipelines orchestration by GitLab CI, GitHub Actions, Circle CI, Airflow or similar tools Data science model review, run the code refactoring and optimization, containerization, deployment, versioning, and monitoring of its quality Data science models testing, validation and tests automation Communicate with a team of data scientists, data engineers and architect, document the processes Experience with large dataset processing, querying and creating descriptive and diagnostic Dashboards and Reports Experience in leading and implementing complex data science projects Developed a state-of-the-art Data Science and ML runtime stack in a multi-cloud environment Convert proof of concepts to production-grade solutions that is scalable Devise and strategies to ensure ML heavy systems operate with high accuracy in Production and adapt to discovered needs Research and implement best practices to improve existing Machine Learning infrastructure Perform research and rapid iterations of development to refine posed problems and identify potential solutions Experience with various classifications of data including Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and access, audit, and compliance/governance of same.  Primary Skills  Python, R, DataIku, Azure DataBricks, Azure data factory, Azure ML services ML flow, Model monitoring platforms like Fiddler Azure DevOps, Azure Web App, Data Robot, Azure Event Hub  Key Scanners  Python, R, DataIku, Azure DataBricks, Azure data factory, Azure ML services  At YASH, you are empowered to create a career that will take you to where you want to go while working in an inclusive team environment. We leverage career-oriented skilling models and optimize our collective intelligence aided with technology for continuous learning, unlearning, and relearning at a rapid pace and scale.  Our Hyperlearning workplace is grounded upon four principles  Flexible work arrangements, Free spirit, and emotional positivity Agile self-determination, trust, transparency, and open collaboration All Support needed for the realization of business goals, Stable employment with a great atmosphere and ethical corporate culture"
113,114,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622581076?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=PKSe4jatkAP880EhitT5Hw%3D%3D&position=14&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,No of years' experience 4-6 years Detailed job description - Skill Set:  Min 4 years of hands on experience in Python and Flask framework Knowledge of Djengo and SSO implementation is a plus Good communication and client interfacing skills Knowledge of Scrum process Mandatory Skills(ONLY 2 or 3) Python
114,115,2023-07-06,TalentKompass Deutschland,Junior Python Developer (Remote Internship – IT),Not Applicable,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/junior-python-developer-remote-internship-%E2%80%93-it-at-talentkompass-deutschland-3651761048?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=WhuIBhKuiiWrHqtio5IJDg%3D%3D&position=15&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"LOCATION: Remote Work  SCHEDULE: Part-time  Are you passionate about software development and seeking a remarkable opportunity to gain hands-on experience while working with a prestigious Management Consulting firm? TalentKompass Deutschland, a top Human Resources company based in Germany, is searching for a motivated Python Developer Intern to join our esteemed client. This remote position presents a fantastic opportunity for someone who is eager to learn and grow in a dynamic and fast-paced environment.  As a Python Developer Intern, you will work closely with the software development and consulting teams, where you will be responsible for a variety of tasks, including software design, development, and debugging. You will have the unique chance to learn from experienced professionals who will provide mentorship and guidance throughout the internship. With this opportunity, you will gain valuable experience in software development, data analysis, and teamwork – all essential skills for a successful career in this field.  Responsibilities:  Assist in the design, implementation, and maintenance of software applications Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and develop solutions Conduct research on emerging software technologies and trends Participate in software debugging and performance optimization Test and debug applications to ensure optimal performance and security Support the team with general administrative tasks as needed Contribute to the creation of technical documentation and user guides  Requirements:  Basic understanding of software development principles and practices Familiarity with Python and its associated libraries Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English Ability to work independently and as part of a team Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Knowledge of database systems, such as MySQL, PostgreSQL, is a plus Experience with version control systems, such as Git, is a plus  At TalentKompass Deutschland, we are committed to helping our interns develop their skills and reach their full potential. Our client is a reputable Management Consulting firm that will provide invaluable experience in a competitive industry. Don't miss this incredible opportunity to jump-start your career in software development – apply now!"
115,116,2023-06-06,StatusNeo,Data Science Software Engineer,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-science-software-engineer-at-statusneo-3627618791?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=On%2F%2BoBwDf2JFJ5M8ExXkbg%3D%3D&position=16&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Responsibilities Description  Responsible for the development and implementation of machine learning algorithms and techniques to solve business problems and optimize member experiences. Primary duties may include are but not limited to: Design machine learning projects to address specific business problems determined by consultation with business partners. Work with data-sets of varying degrees of size and complexity including both structured and unstructured data. Piping and processing massive data-streams in distributed computing environments such as Hadoop to facilitate analysis. Implements batch and real-time model scoring to drive actions. Develops machine learning algorithms to build customized solutions that go beyond standard industry tools and lead to innovative solutions. Develop sophisticated visualization of analysis output for business users.  Experience Requirements  BS/MA/MS/PhD in Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, Machine Learning, Econometrics, Physics, Biostatistics or related Quantitative disciplines. 2-4 years of experience in predictive analytics and advanced expertise with software such as Python, or any combination of education and experience which would provide an equivalent background. Experience in the healthcare sector. Experience in Deep Learning strongly preferred.  Required Technical Skill Set Full cycle of building machine learning solutions, Skills:- Data Science, Python, Amazon Web Services (AWS), Windows Azure, Google Cloud Platform (GCP), SQL, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Machine Learning (ML), pandas, NumPy, Healthcare, Deep Learning, Computer Vision and Git Understanding of wide range of algorithms and their corresponding problems to solve Data preparation and analysis Model training and validation Model application to the problem Experience using the full open source programming tools and utilities Experience in working in end-to-end data science project implementation. 2+ years of experience with development and deployment of Machine Learning applications 2+ years of experience with NLP approaches in a production setting Experience in building models using bagging and boosting algorithms Exposure/experience in building Deep Learning models for NLP/Computer Vision use cases preferred Ability to write efficient code with good understanding of core Data Structures/algorithms is critical Strong python skills following software engineering best practices Experience in using code versioning tools like GIT, bit bucket Experience in working in Agile projects Comfort & familiarity with SQL and Hadoop ecosystem of tools including spark Experience managing big data with efficient query program good to have Good to have experience in training ML models in tools like Sage Maker, Kubeflow etc. Good to have experience in frameworks to depict interpretability of models using libraries like Lime, Shap etc. Experience with Health care sector is preferred MS/M.Tech or PhD is a plus"
116,117,2023-06-02,Cobblestone Energy,"DATA SCIENTIST - Dubai, UAE",Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/data-scientist-dubai-uae-at-cobblestone-energy-3641768175?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=ra%2Fx195JTAe4sLsa%2BdcgXg%3D%3D&position=17&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Location: Dubai, UAE (We provide visa sponsorship & relocation assistance)  Annual Base Salary range of $75,000 - $100,000 per annum + performance-based bonus - 0% tax environment + an opportunity to join our employee share scheme  About Cobblestone Energy  Cobblestone Energy is an energy trading company specialising in the Great Britain and European wholesale electricity markets. Founded in 2017, we are part of the next generation of companies defining the future of global commodity trading.  We make use of advanced data analytics and extensive research to drive profitable decision making, trading enough electricity every day to power a small country, and growing every day. In doing so, we help to balance the electricity grid, lowering the cost to end consumers, and aiding the transition to a renewable future. Technology and risk management form the backbone of our business.  At Cobblestone Energy, we are a diverse team of over 50 people from 20+ nationalities - we believe in hiring extraordinary talent from all around the world. Our flat organizational structure helps us in giving our team members complete ownership of the work and ensures ideas come from every level. We believe in providing unlimited growth opportunities to our people alongside constant feedback and support, which allows us to cover our vulnerabilities and grow as a team in new and interesting ways. With the right performance and potential, you could be managing the power desk for an entire country within eighteen months in your role. Come join our dream team!  Cobblestone Values  Lifelong learning with continuous reflection Independent thinking through a meritocracy of ideas The team is more important than the individual Being the best in any market we enter Hiring and keeping only the most effective people Others must benefit from our existence.  What We Offer In This Role  A full-time position on our Commercial team Committed and remarkably talented colleagues. Highly competitive compensation dependent on performance An exciting, challenging and fulfilling career. Investment in your development to ensure that you always remain the best in business. Equity participation for strong contributors, ensuring our interests are all aligned long term.  Summary: We are seeking a highly motivated and talented Data Scientist to join our dynamic team. With a passion for data-driven solutions and a strong academic background, the successful candidate will play a key role in supporting our business decisions and driving operational efficiencies through the use of advanced analytics and predictive modelling techniques.  Key Responsibilities:  Analyse large and complex datasets to uncover key insights and inform business decisions. Design and implement predictive models to support the optimization of trading strategies and market forecasting. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to identify business needs and develop data-driven solutions Stay up to date with the latest advancements in data science and machine learning and apply these to the power trading domain Communicate findings and insights to stakeholders in a clear and concise manner.  Requirements:  2-3 years of experience in data science or a related field, with a proven track record of success Strong academic background in computer science, mathematics, statistics, or a related field Excellent problem-solving and critical thinking skills Proficiency in python programming language. Knowledge of machine learning algorithms and data visualization tools Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a fast-paced, cross-functional team environment.  This is an outstanding opportunity for a driven and talented Data Scientist to join a market-leading power trading company and make a significant impact on our business operations. If you possess a passion for data science and a proven track record of success, we encourage you to apply.  Note: While previous work experience in the power trading domain is highly desirable, it is not a requirement for this role."
117,118,2023-07-07,Awign,Python Developer - Pandas/Azure Databricks,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-pandas-azure-databricks-at-awign-3652439563?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=oaG1MC8UjjHLQCsEFXgTAg%3D%3D&position=18&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Note - This is a contractual role for 12 months  Job Description -  Deep, expert level knowledge of Python, Pandas Databrick is a must Application coding in Python, Pandas , SQL, and Relational Databases Experience developing and implementing data models for various domains. Experience developing hybrid automation/interactive solutions for SMEs Experience developing with containers and linux. Experience with Spark Some experience with Modeling techniques, possibly include linear regression, timeseries (ARIMA, etc) and other econometric techniques. Experience with modern DevOps practices . Good to have: experience with Databricks Good to have: experience in the energy sector, Refining is a big plus Strong familiarity with agile methodologies Ability to work with non-technology stakeholders to elicit and implement requirements. Strong analytical, problem-solving and decision-making ability Excellent verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills  (ref:hirist.com)"
118,119,2023-06-30,AMD,Front-End Power Engineer - AI Engine,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/front-end-power-engineer-ai-engine-at-amd-3645238788?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=eDU%2FgG1o0B6NjE3g4zy68w%3D%3D&position=19&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"WHAT YOU DO AT AMD CHANGES EVERYTHING  We care deeply about transforming lives with AMD technology to enrich our industry, our communities, and the world. Our mission is to build great products that accelerate next-generation computing experiences – the building blocks for the data center, artificial intelligence, PCs, gaming and embedded. Underpinning our mission is the AMD culture. We push the limits of innovation to solve the world’s most important challenges. We strive for execution excellence while being direct, humble, collaborative, and inclusive of diverse perspectives. This is who we are at our best. One Company. One Team.  AMD together we advance_  MTS SILICON DESIGN ENGINEER  The Role  AMD is seeking a capable and motivated front-end power engineer to fill a technical leadership role in front-end design team of next generation AI Engine/ML silicon. You will take part in microarchitecture and design of high-performance, low-power processor and accelerator IP for AI/ML applications.  The Person  Successful candidate would have strong experience in ASIC power analysis methodology with ASIC Design background.  Key Responsibilities  Drive energy efficient RTL design and micro-architecture of AI/ML silicon Develop power analysis methodology that can provide early power estimation for AI Engine IP Establish PPA tracking, power analysis and data collection for all AI Engine architectures Define power vectors using various data type and estimate power using power analysis tools ASIC power estimation and modeling with feedback from silicon, create accurate early-stage power model using pre-silicon simulation for post-silicon power correlation Work with architecture, verification and RTL design, and Physical Design team to address any power-related issue Extend EDA tools to build strong power analysis methodology to achieve PPA improvements  Preferred Experience  Knowledge of Low power digital design and power analysis and reduction techniques for energy efficiency (Perf/Watt) Experience in ASIC design flow and EDA tools experience such as VCS, Verdi, PrimePower/PTPX, PowerArtist or other power analysis/simulation tools Experience in SystemC, Early power modeling, TCL, Perl, Python with numpy, scikit-learn Complex Problem-solving skill, Strong verbal and written communication skills Understanding of FPGA architecture and implementation flow Experience in working with Linux environment, Version control systems such as Perforce, ICManage or Git  Education Requirements  Bachelors or Masters degree in computer engineering/Electrical Engineering  Benefits offered are described: AMD benefits at a glance.  AMD does not accept unsolicited resumes from headhunters, recruitment agencies, or fee-based recruitment services. AMD and its subsidiaries are equal opportunity, inclusive employers and will consider all applicants without regard to age, ancestry, color, marital status, medical condition, mental or physical disability, national origin, race, religion, political and/or third-party affiliation, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates and will accommodate applicants’ needs under the respective laws throughout all stages of the recruitment and selection process."
119,,2023-07-07,Cientra Techsolutions,Interesting Job Opportunity: Machine Learning Engineer - Computer Vision,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/interesting-job-opportunity-machine-learning-engineer-computer-vision-at-cientra-techsolutions-3652439716?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=XIx9DhnVFJmKrfOb9q4CIQ%3D%3D&position=20&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Responsibilities  Design and develop performance optimization techniques for machine learning (ML) models to run efficiently on Client hardware. Develop and maintain software that efficiently deploys ML models built on various ML frameworks (pytorch, tensorflow, caffe2, etc.) to Client hardware. Collaborate and communicate with the other teams that work on hardware level implementations and optimizations for the various ML operations/layers. Follow agile software development methodology, unit testing and continuous integration.  Requirements  Strong hands-on experience in training and inference of ML models using ML frameworks like Pytorch, Tensorflow, etc. Excellent programming skills in Python, C/C++ Good Knowledge on neural network workings. Good Knowledge of mathematical computations/workings of the most commonly used neural network layers. Familiarity on the workings and basic architecture of various ML models related to computer vision, NLP, autonomous driving, etc., Familiarity with neural network performance optimization techniques including but not limited to quantization, pruning, etc., Familiarity with ONNX is a plus. Familiarity with SIMD Computer Architectures is a plus.  (ref:hirist.com)"
120,121,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,python Developer,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622573703?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=Mi6DMOQZkN2HzTK14Pj0nw%3D%3D&position=21&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Role: Jr Developer  Location: Pune, Bangalore, Nagpur.  (Mast have): Python, Pandas, Pytest, CI/CD, Jira, Confluence, GitHub,  Jr Python Developer  JD - Junior PYTHON DEVELOPER  THE POSITION  We are looking for an experienced / Senior Python developer, ideally with a Data Science  background, who will strengthen our team to drive with us the implementation of a statistical  data science platform. Your primary development focus will include, building / maintaining a  common functions library, implementation of data migration concepts, definition and  implementation of validation / calculation engines for time series and ensuring we are able to  migrate a legacy system incl. data and business processes. This will further include the design of  the underlying data structures and continuous deployment of the services. As member of a team  dedicated to innovation, you will have the chance to directly contribute to the future of our  products.  WHAT IS WAITING FOR YOU?  Contribute to an agile team and be part of an international development team Implement and deploy scalable, robust, performant and secure Python code Build fast data storage and processing architectures Design and implement robust REST APIs  WHAT IS YOUR STACK?  (Mast have): Python, Pandas, Pytest, CI/CD, Jira, Confluence, GitHub, (Good to have): Flask, Dash, DevOps, Big Data Architecture, SCRUM, SonarQube (Assets): Docker, Hadoop, HBase, Kafka, NiFi, Camunda, Databricks, Cloudera, Kubernetes  WHAT ARE WE LOOKING FOR?  4+ years working experience as a software engineer, preferably in an enterprise and data  science environment  A true team player who likes to contribute and benefit from working with others Engineer capable of designing solutions, writing code, testing code, automating tests and  deployment  Demonstrated skills, knowledge, and expertise with statistical computer languages  (Python, etc.) and the related ecosystem (jupyterlab, jupyter notebook, …)  Strong experience working and creating data architectures to designing and developing  mission critical enterprise grade software in a big data environment  Good knowledge of CI/CD and automated testing with Python Creative problem-solving ability and sound judgment - ability to use own initiative and  take responsibility for decisions  Strong spoken and written communication skills in English (German is a plus) combined  with very strong client service orientation and willingness to travel"
121,122,2023-06-22,Quanticate,Programmer I,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/programmer-i-at-quanticate-3643093466?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=Izt%2B4hvSX3lAs2KsbipvYw%3D%3D&position=22&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"This is a fantastic opportunity to begin a career in Statistical Programming within a CRO that specialises in data-related services. You will receive substantial training that will enable you to gain a clear appreciation and understanding of clinical trial reporting. You will have the opportunity to work as part of global project teams, gaining exposure to high profile, global studies for major pharmaceutical clients.  Quanticate is the world leading data-focussed CRO, and we often work with our customers on their complicated clinical trials which require a high level of statistical programming input. We need talented individuals to help us fulfil our customers’ needs.  Our customers range from top global pharmaceutical companies where you can work as an integrated team member on a world leading clinical programme, to small biotechs that are taking their first steps in clinical development  We strongly advocate career development providing membership to professional societies, encouraging your involvement in their activities and committees. Together we can help you build the career you want – developing your skills, working on challenging problems, to ultimately develop clinical therapies that matter  Requirements  Provide project and technical support in the preparation, and review of high-quality programming deliverables and documentation, as well as the processes and standards required, to both colleagues and clients Willingness to learn new skills, foundation knowledge of SAS, and good programming practices along with clinical trial reporting requirements. Assist in programming derived SAS datasets as appropriate. Assist in programming tables, figures and listings according to the SAP or to a specified client requirement. Assist in performing quality control checks and complete quality control documentation for programming plans, specifications, outputs/derived datasets. Have a good understanding of ICH/GCP guidelines.  Benefits  Competitive Salary  Flexible working hours  Annual leave plus casual, sick leave as well as bank holidays  Medical Insurance  Accidental Coverage  5, 10, 15 years of service recognition awards  Death in service scheme  Long Term Disability Insurance  Quanticate offers a variety of different learning development opportunities to help you progress (mentoring, coaching, e-learning, job shadowing)"
122,123,2023-05-11,Fusion Plus Solutions Inc,Python,Entry level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-at-fusion-plus-solutions-inc-3622574954?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=9%2BMag%2BlHlpAOn9gRjj1ffg%3D%3D&position=23&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,Job Description  ECMS Req # 434874 Number of Openings 1 Duration of Hiring 1 Year No of years' experience 4-6 years Detailed job description - Skill Set  Min 4 years of hands on experience in Python and Flask framework Knowledge of Djengo and SSO implementation is a plus Good communication and client interfacing skills Knowledge of Scrum process Mandatory Skills(ONLY 2 or 3) Python Vendor Billing range in local currency (per day) 7000-8500 INR/Day Work Location Any India location Joining time ( Notice period) Immediate BGCHECK before or After onboarding After onboarding
123,124,2023-06-07,NavTech Electronics,PYTHON DEVELOPER,Associate,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/python-developer-at-navtech-electronics-3646811998?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=GKZy8zLNV0epdk82DgkBDA%3D%3D&position=24&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Company name : NavTech Electronics India Pvt Ltd  Company URL : www.navtechelectronics.com  Job Title : PYTHON Developer  work Location : Hyderabad  Duration : Full Time (Direct Hire)  Experience : 2-3 Yrs  Salary : As per Industry Standards  Interview : Telephonic and Teams Interview(Must)  About NavTech Electronics  Founded on principles of Inclusiveness, Innovation and Empowerment, Navtech Electronics is a team of dedicated, diverse Software developers and Embedded Hardware Engineers.  Navtech Electronics has been providing Engineering services to the Automotive Industry in the field of ADAS, Electrification and Battery Management which are both driving rapid changes in Vehicle Architecture and revolutionizing the last mile mobility space  Work Experience And Skills Requirements  Expertise In Core Python. Object Relational Mappers. Understanding of Multi-Process Architecture. Analytical skills. Should have OOPS skill set. Communication skills(Imp). Clint calls handling. Strong technical knowledge of IP, HTTP, JSON, and XML. Should able to build python packages. Able to work within a Git/Git Flow-based multi-branched software environment and build deployment pipelines. Must have knowledge on python packages like pandas, numpy, matplotlib. Basic knowledge on AI in python. Knowledge on Data Structures and Algorithms.  Essential Duties And Responsibilities  Has to handle the client calls. Enhancements in the existing scripts and understanding the Business logic. Should be team player. Design and Development of API. Skills: http,json,xml,pandas,numpy,matplotlib"
124,125,2023-07-07,SERVICEPACK,Senior Machine Learning Engineer - NLP/Python,Mid-Senior level,"Hyderabad, Telangana, India",https://in.linkedin.com/jobs/view/senior-machine-learning-engineer-nlp-python-at-servicepack-3652446192?refId=sc20%2BgmLaGG6M55qPE4Y7Q%3D%3D&trackingId=HVRqIiw7NHCFPqdwSBQtYQ%3D%3D&position=25&pageNum=4&trk=public_jobs_jserp-result_search-card,"Job Brief  We are looking for a Natural Language Processing Engineer to help us improve our NLP products and create new NLP applications.  Responsibilities  Study and transform data science prototypes Design NLP applications Select appropriate annotated datasets for Supervised Learning methods Use effective text representations to transform natural language into useful features Find and implement the right algorithms and tools for NLP tasks Develop NLP systems according to requirements Train the developed model and run evaluation experiments Perform statistical analysis of results and refine models Extend ML libraries and frameworks to apply in NLP tasks Remain updated in the rapidly changing field of machine learning  Requirements And Skills  Proven experience as an NLP Engineer or similar role Understanding of NLP techniques for text representation, semantic extraction techniques, data structures and modeling Ability to effectively design software architecture Deep understanding of text representation techniques (such as n - grams, bag of words, sentiment analysis etc), statistics and classification algorithms Knowledge of Python Ability to write robust and testable code Experience with machine learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit - learn) Strong communication skills An analytical mind with problem - solving abilities Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Computational Linguistics or similar field  (ref:hirist.com)"
